The board of directors of Next Biometrics Group ASA ("NEXT" or the "Company") has, in accordance with the Company's share option 
program approved at the Company's annual general meeting in June 2016, resolved to allot 75,000 share options. This comes in addition 
to the 229,000 conditional share options allotted 17 October 2016. The total number approved by the general meeting was 330,000 
conditional share options for this program, and the board of directors has therefore additionally 26,000 conditional share options 
available for allotment. 

Each share option gives the right, provided certain conditions are met, to subscribe for and be allotted one (1) share in the Company at 
an exercise price of NOK 128.70 per share, which is equal to the assumed market value of the Company's shares at the time of allotment 
of the share options with the addition of 10%. Exercise of vested share options is conditional upon the respective option holders meeting 
certain individual key performance indicators. 

The conditional options shall vest 1/3 after 2 yrs, additionally 1/3 after 3 yrs, additionally 1/3 after 4 yrs. The options expire after 6 years. 
Accelerated vesting will as defined in company stock option agreement take place at major events.

The following primary insiders were granted conditional share options:

Ritu Favre (CEO) was granted 75,000 conditional options. After grant, Ritu Favre holds in total 75,000 conditional options and 0 shares.

About NEXT Biometrics 
Enabled by the Active Thermal Principle, NEXT offers rigid and flexible, high performance, low cost fingerprint sensors. The Company is 
uniquely positioned in markets demanding high performance for close to 100% its targeted populations. The company competitive 
advantages of are maximized in a range of product formats including SmartCards, Key-fobs, Remote Controls, Door systems and high 
end Notebook and Tablets.

NEXT Biometrics Group ASA is a publicly listed company headquartered in Oslo, Norway and with sales, support and development 
subsidiaries in Seattle, Silicon Valley, Taipei, Prague and Shanghai.

Media and Investor contacts for NEXT Biometrics:  
Tore Etholm-Idsøe, CEO, Tore.idsoe@nextbiometrics.com and 
Knut Stalen, CFO, Knut.stalen@nextbiometrics.com.

This information is subject to the disclosure requirements pursuant to section 5-12 of the Norwegian Securities Trading Act.




