


Veidekke's share program for employees continues to be a popular measure. At the
end of the subscription period for this spring's sales to senior executives,
601 people had accepted the offer - and ordered 959,144 shares. The result of
this spring's offer demonstrates confidence in the company's development.

- Veidekke's share program for employees is a measure we have offered more or
less every year since Veidekke was listed on Oslo Børs in 1986. The program has
become an important part of Veidekke's culture, and through this program,
employees have been able to participate in the value creation of their own
workplace, says CEO Arne Giske.

Twice a year, Veidekke offers its employees the opportunity to purchase shares
in their company. During autumn, the opportunity is offered to all employees,
whereas during spring the opportunity is offered to Veidekke's senior
executives. In both offers, employees can buy shares with or without partial
financing. With financing (Offer A), the shares are offered at a 20% discount.
Without financing (Offer B), the shares are offered at a 30% discount. The lock-
in period for the shares is three years.

During the subscription period from May 3 to May 11, 1,073 executives in
Veidekke was given an opportunity to order between 50 and 2,600 Veidekke shares
each. The offer prices ended at NOK 72.77 (Offer A) and NOK 63.67 (Offer B),
after the discount has been deducted.

The breadth of Veidekke's share program is high, and after this spring's offer,
around 4,000 employees in Denmark, Sweden and Norway own shares in the company.

The purchases of primary insiders, as well as new holdings, are attached to this
report.



Contacts:
SVO Finance Jørgen Michelet, +47 91 74 38 56   , jorgen.michelet@veidekke.no
Finanskonsulent Heidi Hvidsten, +47 91 54 04 65   , heidi.hvidsten@veidekke.no
Communications Manager Helge Dieset, +47 90 55 33 22   ,
helge.dieset@veidekke.no

Veidekke is one of Scandinavia's largest construction and property development
companies. The company undertakes all types of building construction and civil
engineering contracts, develops residential projects, maintains roads, and
produces asphalt and aggregates. The company is known for its involvement and
local knowledge. Revenue is almost NOK 32 billion, and half of the 8,000
employees own shares in the company. Veidekke is listed on the Oslo Stock
Exchange and has always posted a profit since it was founded in 1936.


This information is subject to the disclosure requirements pursuant to section
5 -12 of the Norwegian Securities Trading Act.


 
    