NOT FOR RELEASE, PUBLICATION OR DISTRIBUTION, IN WHOLE OR IN PART DIRECTLY OR
INDIRECTLY, IN AUSTRALIA, CANADA, JAPAN OR THE UNITED STATES OR ANY OTHER
JURISDICTION IN WHICH THE RELEASE, PUBLICATION OR DISTRIBUTION WOULD BE
UNLAWFUL.

(Oslo, 8 April 2019) Reference is made to the stock exchange announcement by Nel
ASA ("Nel" or the "Company") on 7 April 2020, regarding the end of the
subscription period in the subsequent offering of up to 13,350,000 new shares
(the "Offer Shares") (the "Subsequent Offering").

The subscription period in the Subsequent Offering expired on 7 April 2020, at
16:30 hours (CEST). By the end of the subscription period, the Company had
received valid subscriptions for a total of 25,297,673 Offer Shares, and the
Subsequent Offering was accordingly oversubscribed. A total of 13,350,000 Offer
Shares have today been allocated by the Company's board of directors in
accordance with the allocation criteria set out in the prospectus dated 30 March
2019.

Furthermore, the board of directors of Nel has resolved, in accordance with the
authorization granted by the general meeting on 28 March 2019, to issue
13,350,000 new shares in the Company in connection with the Subsequent Offering.

Notifications of allocated Offer Shares in the Subsequent Offering and the
corresponding amount to be paid by each subscriber will be set out in a separate
letter to each subscriber to whom Offer Shares have been allotted. The
allocation letters are expected to be sent today. The due date for payment of
allocated Offer Shares is 15 April 2020.

Subject to timely payment of the entire subscription amount in the Subsequent
Offering, the Company expects that the share capital increase pertaining to the
Subsequent Offering will be registered with the Norwegian Register of Business
Enterprises on or about 20 April 2020 and that the Offer Shares will be
delivered to the Norwegian Central Securities Depository ("VPS") accounts of the
subscribers to whom they are allocated on or about 21 April 2020. The Offer
Shares will be tradable immediately after the registration of the share capital
with the Norwegian Register of Business Enterprises.

Following the issuance of the Offer Shares, the issued share capital of the
Company will be NOK 264,986,956.60, divided into 1,324,934,783 shares, each with
a par value of NOK 0.20.

The following primary insider (or related parties thereof) of the Company has
been allocated shares in the Subsequent Offering:

  · Bjørn Simonsen, VP Investor Relations and Corporate Communications, has been
allocated 23,396 Offer Shares, and will following issuance hold 2,002,799 shares
in the Company through Simonsen Invest AS

Arctic Securities AS, Carnegie AS and SpareBank 1 Markets AS act as managers in
the Subsequent Offering (the "Managers"). Advokatfirmaet Schjødt AS acts as
Norwegian legal counsel to Nel.

ENDS

For further information, please contact:

Kjell Christian Bjørnsen, CFO, +47 917 02 097

About Nel ASA | www.nelhydrogen.com

Nel is a global, dedicated hydrogen company, delivering optimal solutions to
produce, store, and distribute hydrogen from renewable energy. We serve
industries, energy, and gas companies with leading hydrogen technology. Our
roots date back to 1927, and since then, we have had a proud history of
development and continuous improvement of hydrogen technologies. Today, our
solutions cover the entire value chain: from hydrogen production technologies to
hydrogen fueling stations, enabling industries to transition to green hydrogen,
and providing fuel cell electric vehicles with the same fast fueling and long
range as fossil-fueled vehicles - without the emissions.

Important Notices

This document is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of offers to purchase or
subscribe for shares. Copies of this document may not be sent to jurisdictions,
or distributed in or sent from jurisdictions, in which this is barred or
prohibited by law. The information contained herein shall not constitute an
offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy, in any jurisdiction in
which such offer or solicitation would be unlawful absent registration, or an
exemption from registration or qualification under the securities laws of any
jurisdiction.

This document is not for publication or distribution in, directly or indirectly,
Australia, Canada, Japan, the United States or any other jurisdiction in which
such release, publication or distribution would be unlawful, and it does not
constitute an offer or invitation to subscribe for or purchase any securities in
such countries or in any other jurisdiction. In particular, the document and the
information contained herein should not be distributed or otherwise transmitted
into the United States or to publications with a general circulation in the
United States of America.

This document is not an offer for sale of securities in the United States.
Securities may not be offered or sold in the United States absent registration
with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission or an exemption from
registration under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities
Act"). The Company does not intend to register any part of the offering in the
United States or to conduct a public offering in the United States of the shares
to which this document relates.

The Managers are acting for the Company in connection with the Private Placement
and no one else and will not be responsible to anyone other than the Company for
providing the protections afforded to their respective clients or for providing
advice in relation to the Private Placement or any transaction or arrangement
referred to in this press release.

This announcement and any materials distributed in connection with this
announcement may contain certain forward-looking statements. By their nature,
forward-looking statements involve risk and uncertainty because they reflect
Nel's current expectations and assumptions as to future events and circumstances
that may not prove accurate. A number of material factors could cause actual
results and developments to differ materially from those expressed or implied by
these forward-looking statements. This information is subject to a duty of
disclosure pursuant to Section 5-12 of the Norwegian Securities Trading Act.