DSRT: Desert Control AS: Purchase of shares by board member  
Oslo, Norway, 1 March 2022: A member of the board of directors in Desert Control AS ("Desert Control" or the "Company") have on 1 March 2022 purchased shares in the company.  

On 1 March 2022, Geir Hjellvik, a member of the board of directors of the Company, has purchased 68,275 shares in the Company at an average price of NOK 24,68. Following the transaction, Geir Hjellvik holds a total of 1 423 706 shares in the Company. 

Primary insider notification pursuant to the market abuse regulation article 19 are attached.


For further information, please contact: 

Erling Rasmussen, Chief Financial Officer, 
+ 47 482 11 151, 
erling.rasmussen@desertcontrol.com 


About Desert Control
Desert Control specializes in climate-smart Agri-tech solutions to combat desertification, soil degradation, and water scarcity. Its patented Liquid Natural Clay (LNC) enables sustainable ecosystem management by restoring and protecting soil's ability to preserve water and increase yields for agriculture, forests, and green landscapes.
LNC enables sand and degraded soil to retain water and nutrients, thus increasing crop yields and ecosystem resilience while preserving water resources by up to 50%.
Agriculture and food production already consume more than 70% of all available freshwater. Desertification and soil degradation drive a negative spiral of increasing water consumption and decreasing yields for global food production. Feeding our planet's growing population will require more food in the next 40 years than was produced over the last 500 years, putting even more pressure on vital resources such as water. This is the problem Desert Control is determined to solve. According to the United Nations, thirty million acres of fertile land (equal to Pennsylvania) perish to desertification annually, representing an annual loss of $490 billion to the global economy. Desert Control's vision is to make our planet earth green again.

This information is subject to the disclosure requirements pursuant to the market abuse regulation article 19.