Copenhagen, 18 October 2022: Pursuant to the Market Abuse Regulation article 19, Cadeler A/S ("Cadeler" or the “Company”), shall hereby notify receipt of information of the following transactions made by persons discharging managerial responsibilities in Cadeler and persons closely associated with them in Cadeler's shares and other financial instruments linked thereto in connection with a private placement of Cadeler’s shares.

Reference is made to the stock exchange announcements dated 12 October 2022, 13 October and 18 October 2022 concerning the private placement of 32,850,000 new shares with a nominal value of DKK 1 each in the Company (the “Private Placement”). 

1 	Details of the Reporting Person and their Closely Associated Persons
a)	Name
	BW Altor Pte. Ltd.

2 	Reason for the notification 
a)	Position/status
	Closely associated person to Andreas Sohmen-Pao, chairman of the Board of Directors, and Andreas Beroutsos, member of the Board of Directors.

b)	Initial notification /Amendment
	Initial notification

3 	Details of the issuer, emission allowance market participant, auction platform, auctioneer or auction monitor 
a)	Name
	Cadeler A/S

b)	LEI
	9845008439EUED140282

4 	Details of the transaction(s): section to be repeated for (i) each type of instrument; (ii) each type of transaction; (iii) each date; and (iv) each place where transactions have been conducted 
a)	Description of the financial instrument, type of instrument and identification code
	Shares: ISIN DK0061930567

b)	Nature of the transaction
	Receipt of shares due to DNB Bank ASA’s redelivery of lending shares in connection with the share lending arrangement relating to facilitating settlement of the Private Placement.

c)	Price(s) and volume(s)
	Price(s) in NOK
	N/A
	Volume(s)
	25,933,549

d)	Aggregated information
	-	Aggregated volume
	-	Price	
	Average price per share: N/A
	Total number of shares: 25,933,549 shares
	Total price: N/A

e)	Date of the transaction
	17 October 2022

f)	Place of the transaction
	Outside a trading venue


For further information, please contact:

Mikkel Gleerup, CEO
+45 3246 3102
mikkel.gleerup@cadeler.com


About Cadeler:
Cadeler A/S is a key supplier with the offshore wind industry for installation services and operation and maintenance works that provides marine and engineering operations to the offshore wind industry with a strong focus on safety and the environment. Cadeler’s reputation as provider of high-quality offshore wind support services, combined with an innovative vessel design, positioning the company to deliver premium level services to the industry. As a company, Cadeler continues to pursue new levels of efficiency, pushing beyond the current boundaries of the supply chain. Cadeler enables and facilitates the global energy transition towards a future built on renewable energy. Cadeler is listed on the Oslo Stock Exchange (ticker CADLR).