Oslo, 28 June 2024: Reference is made to the stock exchange announcements by
Circio Holding ASA (the "Company") on 24 June 2024, regarding the commencement
of the subscription period for the rights issue (the "Rights Issue") and the
receipt of subscription rights in the Rights Issue by certain primary insiders
and close associates.

Robert Burns, a member of the board of directors, has on 27 June 2024 exercised
19,376 subscription rights, thus entitling him to be allocated 19,376 offer
shares in the Rights Issue. In addition, Robert Burns has subscribed for 30,624
offer shares without subscription rights, thereby subscribing for a total of
50,000 offer shares at the subscription price in the Rights Issue, i.e., NOK
2.50 per offer share, and to be allocated a corresponding number in warrants
without additional consideration, subject to allocation by the board of
directors and the completion of the Rights Issue.

Ola Melin, Chief Operation Officer, has on 27 June 2024 exercised 3,241
subscription rights, thus entitling him to be allocated 3,241 offer shares in
the Rights Issue. In addition, Ola Melin has subscribed for 36,759 offer shares
without subscription rights, thereby subscribing for a total of 40,000 offer
shares at the subscription price in the Rights Issue, i.e., NOK 2.50 per offer
share, and to be allocated a corresponding number in warrants without additional
consideration, subject to allocation by the board of directors and the
completion of the Rights Issue.

Please see the attached notifications of trade for information regarding the
subscription rights exercised by primary insiders in the Rights Issue. The
attached notifications of trade also include an amended form for receipt of
subscription rights by Damian Marron (chairperson) to 3,604 subscription rights
from 3,551 subscription rights.

This information is subject to the disclosure requirements pursuant to article
19 of the EU Market Abuse Regulation and section 5-12 of the Norwegian
Securities Trading Act.

For further information, please contact:
Erik Digman Wiklund, CEO
Phone: +47 413 33 536
Email: erik.wiklund@circio.com

Lubor Gaal, CFO
Phone: +34 683343811
Email: lubor.gaal@circio.com

About Circio

Building next generation RNA therapeutics

Circio Holding ASA is a biotechnology company developing novel circular RNA gene
therapies and immunotherapy medicines.

Circio has established a unique circular RNA (circRNA) platform for genetic
medicine. The proprietary circVec technology is based on a modular genetic
cassette design for efficient biogenesis of multifunctional circRNA from DNA and
viral vectors, which can be deployed in multiple disease settings. The circVec
platform has demonstrated enhanced and more durable protein expression than
classic mRNA vector systems, and has the potential to become the new gold
-standard for DNA and virus-based therapeutics in the future. The circRNA R&D
activities are being conducted by the wholly owned subsidiary Circio AB based at
the Karolinska Institute in Stockholm, Sweden.

In addition, Circio is developing a cancer vaccine, TG01, targeting KRAS driver
mutations. TG01 is currently being tested in three clinical trials: RAS-mutated
pancreatic cancer and lung and non-resectable pancreatic cancer in US, and
multiple myeloma in Norway. These studies are being run through academic
collaborative networks, supported by prestigious research grants from Innovation
Norway and the Norwegian Research Council, creating read-outs and future
optionality for the program at low cost to Circio.