NOT FOR DISTRIBUTION OR RELEASE, IN WHOLE OR IN PART, DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY, IN
OR INTO THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA (INCLUDING ITS TERRITORIES AND POSSESSIONS,
ANY STATE OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA AND THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA) (THE
"UNITED STATES"), AUSTRALIA, CANADA, THE HONG KONG SPECIAL ADMINISTRATIVE REGION
OF THE PEOPLE'S REPUBLIC OF CHINA OR JAPAN, OR ANY OTHER JURISDICTION IN WHICH
THE DISTRIBUTION OR RELEASE WOULD BE UNLAWFUL.

Oslo, 28 September 2023. Reference is made to the announcement by Desert Control
AS ("Desert Control" or the "Company") on 28 September 2023 regarding the
private placement of 10,000,000 new shares in the Company (the "Private
Placement").

The following close associates of primary insiders have applied for and been
allocated shares in the Private Placement: Altitude Capital AS and Lithinion AS,
being close associates of Board member Geir Hjellvik. Attached are the
notifications of the transaction in accordance with the Market Abuse Regulation
Article 19.

For more information, please contact:

Ole Kristian Sivertsen, CEO Desert Control

Email: oks@desertcontrol.com

Tel: +47 95 77 77 77

This information is subject to the disclosure requirements pursuant to the
Market Abuse Regulation article 19 and section 5-12 of the Norwegian Securities
Trading Act.

Important notice:

The information contained in this announcement is for background purposes only
and does not purport to be full or complete. No reliance may be placed for any
purpose on the information contained in this announcement or its accuracy,
fairness or completeness. Neither the Managers nor any of its respective
affiliates or any of their respective directors, officers, employees, advisors
or agents accepts any responsibility or liability whatsoever for, or makes any
representation or warranty, express or implied, as to the truth, accuracy or
completeness of the information in this announcement (or whether any information
has been omitted from the announcement) or any other information relating to the
Company, its subsidiaries or associated companies, whether written, oral or in a
visual or electronic form, and howsoever transmitted or made available, or for
any loss howsoever arising from any use of this announcement or its contents or
otherwise arising in connection therewith. This announcement has been prepared
by and is the sole responsibility of the Company.

Neither this announcement nor the information contained herein is for
publication, distribution or release, in whole or in part, directly or
indirectly, in or into or from the United States, Australia, Canada, Japan, The
Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of the People's Republic of China, South
Africa or any other jurisdiction where to do so would constitute a violation of
the relevant laws of such jurisdiction. The publication, distribution or release
of this announcement may be restricted by law in certain jurisdictions and
persons into whose possession any document or other information referred to
herein should inform themselves about and observe any such restriction. Any
failure to comply with these restrictions may constitute a violation of the
securities laws of any such jurisdiction.

This announcement is not an offer for sale of securities in the United States.
The securities referred to in this announcement have not been and will not be
registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "U.S.
Securities Act"), and may not be offered or sold in the United States absent
registration with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission or an exemption
from, or in a transaction not subject to, the registration requirements of the
U.S. Securities Act and in accordance with applicable U.S. state securities
laws. The Company does not intend to register any securities referred to herein
in the United States or to conduct a public offering of securities in the United
States.

Any offering of the securities referred to in this announcement will be made by
means of a set of subscription materials provided to potential investors.
Investors should not subscribe for any securities referred to in this
announcement except on the basis of information contained in the aforementioned
subscription material. In any EEA Member State, this communication is only
addressed to and is only directed at qualified investors in that Member State
within the meaning of the Prospectus Regulation, i.e., only to investors who can
receive the offer without an approved prospectus in such EEA Member State. The
expression "Prospectus Regulation" means regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the
European Parliament and of the Council, of 14 June 2017, (together with any
applicable implementing measures in any EEA Member State.

This communication is only being distributed to and is only directed at persons
in the United Kingdom that are (i) investment professionals falling within
Article 19(5) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial
Promotion) Order 2005, as amended (the "Order") or (ii) high net worth entities,
and other persons to whom this announcement may lawfully be communicated,
falling within Article 49(2)(a) to (d) of the Order (all such persons together
being referred to as "relevant persons"). This communication must not be acted
on or relied on by persons who are not relevant persons. Any investment or
investment activity to which this communication relates is available only for
relevant persons and will be engaged in only with relevant persons. Persons
distributing this communication must satisfy themselves that it is lawful to do
so.

This announcement is made by, and is the responsibility of, the Company. The
Managers and their affiliates are acting exclusively for the Company and no-one
else in connection with the Private Placement. They will not regard any other
person as their respective clients in relation to the Private Placement and will
not be responsible to anyone other than the Company, for providing the
protections afforded to their respective clients, nor for providing advice in
relation to the Private Placement, the contents of this announcement or any
transaction, arrangement or other matter referred to herein.

Solely for the purposes of the product governance requirements contained within:
(a) EU Directive 2014/65/EU on markets in financial instruments, as amended
("MiFID II"); (b) Articles 9 and 10 of Commission Delegated Directive (EU)
2017/593 supplementing MiFID II; and (c) local implementing measures (together,
the "MiFID II Product Governance Requirements"), and disclaiming all and any
liability, which any "manufacturer" (for the purposes of the MiFID II Product
Governance Requirements) may otherwise have with respect thereto, the Offer
Shares in the Private Placement have been subject to a product approval process,
which has determined that they each are: (i) compatible with an end target
market of retail investors and investors who meet the criteria of professional
clients and eligible counterparties, each as defined in MiFID II (the "Positive
Target Market"); and (ii) eligible for distribution through all distribution
channels as are permitted by MiFID II (the "Appropriate Channels for
Distribution"). Distributors should note that: the price of the Offer Shares may
decline and investors could lose all or part of their investment; the Offer
Shares offer no guaranteed income and no capital protection; and an investment
in the Offer Shares is compatible only with investors who do not need a
guaranteed income or capital protection, who (either alone or in conjunction
with an appropriate financial or other adviser) are capable of evaluating the
merits and risks of such an investment and who have sufficient resources to be
able to bear any losses that may result therefrom. Conversely, an investment in
the Offer Shares is not compatible with investors looking for full capital
protection or full repayment of the amount invested or having no risk tolerance,
or investors requiring a fully guaranteed income or fully predictable return
profile (the "Negative Target Market" and, together with the Positive Target
Market, the "Target Market Assessment").

The Target Market Assessment is without prejudice to the requirements of any
contractual, legal or regulatory selling restrictions in relation to the Private
Placement. For the avoidance of doubt, the Target Market Assessment does not
constitute: (a) an assessment of suitability or appropriateness for the purposes
of MiFID II; or (b) a recommendation to any investor or group of investors to
invest in, or purchase, or take any other action whatsoever with respect to the
Offer Shares. Each distributor is responsible for undertaking its own Target
Market Assessment in respect of the Offer Shares in the Private Placement and
determining appropriate distribution channels.

In connection with the Private Placement, the Managers and any of their
affiliates, acting as investors for their own accounts, may subscribe for or
purchase shares and in that capacity may retain, purchase, sell, offer to sell
or otherwise deal for their own accounts in such shares and other securities of
the Company or related investments in connection with the Private Placement or
otherwise. Accordingly, references in any subscription materials to the shares
being issued, offered, subscribed, acquired, placed or otherwise dealt in should
be read as including any issue or offer to, or subscription, acquisition,
placing or dealing by, such Manager and any of their affiliates acting as
investors for their own accounts. The Managers do not intend to disclose the
extent of any such investment or transactions otherwise than in accordance with
any legal or regulatory obligations to do so.

Matters discussed in this announcement may constitute forward-looking
statements. Forward-looking statements are statements that are not historical
facts and may be identified by words such as "believe", "expect", "anticipate",
"strategy", "intends", "estimate", "will", "may", "continue", "should" and
similar expressions. The forward-looking statements in this release are based
upon various assumptions, many of which are based, in turn, upon further
assumptions. Although the Company believe that these assumptions were reasonable
when made, these assumptions are inherently subject to significant known and
unknown risks, uncertainties, contingencies and other important factors which
are difficult or impossible to predict and are beyond their control. Such risks,
uncertainties, contingencies, and other important factors could cause actual
events to differ materially from the expectations expressed or implied in this
release by such forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements speak
only as of the date they are made and cannot be relied upon as a guide to future
performance. The Company, the Managers and their respective affiliates expressly
disclaims any obligation or undertaking to update, review or revise any forward
-looking statement contained in this announcement whether as a result of new
information, future developments or otherwise. The information, opinions and
forward-looking statements contained in this announcement speak only as at its
date and are subject to change without notice.

The information, opinions and forward-looking statements contained in this
announcement speak only as at its date, and are subject to change without
notice. The Company does not undertake any obligation to review, update,
confirm, or to release publicly any revisions to any forward-looking statements
to reflect events that occur or circumstances that arise in relation to the
content of this announcement.