Oslo, 17 September 2021: Yara Board member Håkon Reistad Fure purchased 2,500
shares today at a price of NOK 405.596 per share on behalf of his related
company Company One AS.

Following  this purchase Håkon  Reistad Fure and  Company One AS own 25,000 Yara
shares.

The  share  purchase  is  considered  as  PDMR  trades  under  the  Market Abuse
Regulation   (EU)   No   596/2014 ("MAR")  and  is  subject  to  the  disclosure
requirements pursuant to MAR article 19. Details of the transaction can be found
in the appendix.


Contact

Silje Ingeberg Nygaard, Acting Head of Investor Relations
Mobile: (+47) 957 04 843
E-mail: silje.nygaard@yara.com (mailto:silje.nygaard@yara.com)


About Yara

Yara grows knowledge to responsibly feed the world and protect the planet.
Supporting our vision of a world without hunger and a planet respected, we
pursue a strategy of sustainable value growth, promoting climate-friendly crop
nutrition and zero-emission energy solutions. Yara's ambition is focused on
growing a climate positive food future that creates value for our customers,
shareholders and society at large and delivers a more sustainable food value
chain.

To achieve our ambition, we have taken the lead in developing digital farming
tools for precision farming, and work closely with partners throughout the food
value chain to improve the efficiency and sustainability of food
production. Through our focus on clean ammonia production, we aim to enable the
hydrogen economy, driving a green transition of shipping, fertilizer production
and other energy intensive industries.

Founded in 1905 to solve the emerging famine in Europe, Yara has established a
unique position as the industry's only global crop nutrition company. We operate
an integrated business model with around 17,000 employees and operations in over
60 countries, with a proven track record of strong returns. In 2020, Yara
reported revenues of USD 11.6 billion.

www.yara.com (http://www.yara.com)

This information is subject to the disclosure requirements pursuant to Section
5-12 of the Norwegian Securities Trading Act