Hofseth AS, a 100 % owned company of Hofseth International AS (partly,
indirectly owned by CEO Roger Hofseth and Chairman of the Board Ola Holen), has
today received 157,687 shares in Hofseth BioCare ASA ("HBC") from a former
employee of HBC, as payment for personal debt. The shares were transferred at a
price of NOK 2.42 per share.

Hofseth AS currently owns 32,245,725 shares in HBC and will, following the
transaction, own a total of 32,403,412 shares, which will represent
approximately 10.9 % of the outstanding shares in Hofseth BioCare ASA. Hofseth
International AS group of companies, including Hofseth Logistics AS, Hofseth AS,
Seafood Farmers of Norway AS and Hofseth Aalesund AS, will after the transaction
hold a total of 69,881,778 shares, representing approximately 23.7 % of the
outstanding shares in Hofseth BioCare ASA.

For further information, please contact:
Roger Hofseth, CEO of Hofseth BioCare ASA
Mob: +47 95147941
E-mail: rh@hofseth-as.no

Jon Olav Ødegård, CFO of Hofseth BioCare ASA
Mob: +47 93632966
E-mail: joo@hofsethbiocare.no

About Hofseth BioCare ASA:
HBC is a Norwegian biotech company that offers high-value ingredients and
finished products for humans and pets. The Company is founded on the core values
of sustainability, traceability and optimal utilization of natural resources.
Through an innovative hydrolysis technology, HBC is able to preserve the quality
of salmon oil, proteins and calcium, prepared of fresh salmon off-cuts. HBC's
objective is to contribute to the efficient use of marine resources and deliver
quality products for ingredients and finished consumer products in the nutrition
market.
HBC's headquarters are located in Ålesund, Norway with branches in Oslo,
Chicago, Mumbai, Palo Alto and Tokyo. HBC is listed on Oslo Stock Exchange Axess
list with ticker "HBC". See more information about the Company at
www.hofsethbiocare.com and ww.facebook.com/hofsethbiocare


This information is subject to the disclosure requirements pursuant to section
5-12 of the Norwegian Securities Trading Act.