ATHENS, GREECE, November 23, 2022 – Okeanis Eco Tankers Corp. (the “Company” or “OET”) (Oslo Børs: OET), has been notified of the following transactions by Ironsides Partners LLC, legal person closely associated with primary insider and Member of the Board of Directors, Robert Knapp:

November 21, 2022: sold 54,103 shares at NOK 196.61 per share.

November 22, 2022: sold 245,897 shares at NOK 193.18 per share.

Following the transactions, Ironsides Partners LLC holds 225,000 shares in the Company (equal to approx. 0.7% of the Company’s outstanding shares). Ironsides Partners LLC is represented on the Company’s Board of Directors by Robert Knapp, who reiterates his long-term commitment to the Company, and highlights that transactions relate to last shares owned through a fund at the end of its life.

This information is subject to the disclosure requirements pursuant to Regulation EU 596/2014 (MAR) article 19 number 3 and the Norwegian Securities Trading Act section 5-12.

Contact:
Konstantinos Oikonomopoulos, CFO
Tel: +30 210 480 4099
Email: kgo@okeanisecotankers.com	

About OET
Okeanis Eco Tankers Corp. is a leading international tanker company providing seaborne transportation of crude oil. The Company was incorporated on April 30, 2018 under the laws of the Republic of the Marshall Islands and is listed on Oslo Børs under the symbol OET. The sailing fleet consists of six modern scrubber-fitted Suezmax tankers and eight modern scrubber-fitted VLCC tankers. 

Forward-Looking Statements
Matters discussed in this release may contain certain forward-looking statements relating to the business, financial performance and results of the Company and/or the industry in which it operates, sometimes identified by the words “believes”, “expects”, “intends”, “anticipates”, “forecast” and similar expressions. The forward-looking statements contained in this release, including assumptions, opinions and views of the Company or cited from third-party sources, are solely opinions and forecasts that are subject to risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause actual events to differ materially from any anticipated development. The Company does not provide any assurance that the assumptions underlying such forward-looking statements are free from errors, nor does the Company accept any responsibility for the future accuracy of the opinions expressed in the presentation or the actual occurrence of the forecast developments. No obligations are assumed to update any forward-looking statements or to conform to these forward-looking statements to actual results.