Reference is made to the stock exchange announcement published by Kongsberg
Automotive ASA (the "Company") on 6 July 2020 regarding commencement of the
subscription period in a subsequent offering with gross proceeds of up to NOK
300 million by issuance of up to 3,000,000,000 new shares at a subscription
price of NOK 0.10 per share (the "Subsequent Offering").

The following Primary insider has exercised subscription rights giving
preferential rights to be allocated offer shares in the Subsequent Offering:

Robert Riedford, Primary insider and President of Powertrain & Chassis has
exercised 384,391 subscription rights providing for a right to subscribe and be
allocated 384,391 new shares in the Subsequent Offering.

The following Primary insider has subscribed to shares according the company's
Long Term Incentive Participants Offering ("LO"). The shares are subscribed to
at NOK 0.10 each. The subscription is made further to authorization granted by
resolution by the Annual General Meeting 30 June 2020 to the Board of Directors
to increase the share capital to fulfil its obligations according to the
company's Long Term Incentive Program ("LTI"). The subscriptions are subject to
subsequent approval by the Board of Directors to increase the share capital by a
share issue directed towards the Company's participants in the LTI.

Dzeki Mackinovski, Primary insider and Executive Vice President Purchasing has
subscribed to 8,623,310 in accordance with the LO.

After the above transactions the new shareholdings are as follows:

Robert Riedford, Primary insider and President of Powertrain & Chassis holds
439,115 shares

Dzeki Mackinovski, Primary insider and Executive Vice President Purchasing holds
8,797,110 shares

Kongsberg Automotive ASA

Jon Munthe
General Counsel

Mobile phone: +47 901 14 582

Kongsberg Automotive provides world class products to the global vehicle
industry. Our products enhance the driving experience, making it safer, more
comfortable and sustainable. With revenues of approx. EUR 1.1 billion and
approximately 11.000 employees in 19 countries, Kongsberg Automotive is truly a
global supplier. The company has more than 25 production facilities worldwide.
The product portfolio includes seat comfort systems, driver and motion control
systems, fluid assemblies, and industrial driver interface products developed
for global vehicle manufacturers. Find more information at
www.kongsbergautomotive.com