Averøy, 30 April 2025

Reference is made to Nordic Halibut AS' ("Nordic Halibut" or the "Company") stock exchange notice on 26 September 2021 regarding the Company's share option program for management and certain key employees.

The Company has granted 75,000 share options to Are Hammervik Strand, CFO and primary insider of the Company. Prior to this grant, Strand did not hold any options or shares in the Company. 

Each option will give the right to subscribe or purchase one share in the Company at the exercise price, which is set to NOK 22.50, equal to the subscription price in the private placement of shares immediately prior to the listing of the Company's shares on 26 April 2021. 

The share options will vest for a period of two years starting at the later of 24 September 2024 and the date when the Company has reached certain performance targets.

Share options that are not exercised within the exercise period will lapse and be of no value to the option holder. The options are non-tradable and conditional upon i.a. the option holder being employed with the Company and not having resigned or being terminated for cause prior to the vesting date. 

The Company has the right, in its sole discretion, to settle any vested share options by transfer of existing shares, new shares or a mix of the two. Further, the Company has the right to settle any the economic interest in any vested share option in cash.

Issuing of new shares in the future for the purpose of the options program will depend on required corporate authorizations being in place at the time of exercise of the options. 

The details of the transactions are described in the attached document.

For further information, please contact:
 
CEO Edvard Henden 
edvard@nordichalibut.no 
+47 911 41 165

or

CFO Are Strand
are.strand@nordichalibut.no
+47 915 39 232

This information is subject to the disclosure requirements pursuant to section 5-12 of the Norwegian Securities Trading Act and the Euronext Growth Oslo Rule Book Part II.

About Nordic Halibut AS:

Nordic Halibut is a leading farmer of Atlantic halibut located in Western Norway and with headquarters in Averøy, Nordmøre. The Company has a fully integrated and well-developed value chain from genetics to sales and has had a significant breakthrough in early phase production. A growth plan to expand production volumes is implemented with production target of 4,500 tonnes HOG within 2027 and 10,350 tonnes HOG within 2031. Nordic Halibut will create shareholder value by pursuing value accretive organic growth through increased production.
