Oslo, Norway: The following close associate to a primary insider has carried
out the following transaction:

Passesta AS, a company owned by the chairman of the board Tore Engebretsen and
his immediate family, has purchased 120 000 shares in Elliptic Laboratories
ASA at a price of NOK 20.86 per share, equal to an aggregate amount of
approximately NOK 2.5 million. After the transaction, Passesta AS and Tore
Engebretsen own  12 800 480 shares in Elliptic Labs, equal to approximately
12.3% of the shares and votes.

See the enclosed form for further details about the transaction.

Contacts
Investor Relations: 
Lars Holmøy
Lars.Holmoy@ellipticlabs.com

PR Contact:
Patrick Tsui
pr@ellipticlabs.com

About Elliptic Labs
Elliptic Labs is a global enterprise targeting the smartphone, laptop, IoT,
and automotive markets. Founded in 2006 as a research spin-off from Norway s
Oslo University, the company s patented software uses AI, ultrasound, and
sensor-fusion to create AI Virtual Smart Sensors that deliver intuitive 3D
gesture-, proximity-, presence-, breathing-, and heartbeat -detection
experiences. Its scalable AI Virtual Smart Sensor PlatformTM creates
software-only sensors that are sustainable, human-friendly, and already
deployed in hundreds of millions of devices around the world. Elliptic Labs is
the only software company that has delivered detection capabilities using AI
software, ultrasound, and sensor-fusion deployed at scale. The company is
listed on the Oslo Børs.

Elliptic Labs is headquartered in Norway with presence in the USA, China,
South -Korea, Taiwan, and Japan. Its technology and IP are developed in Norway
and are solely owned by the company.

This information has been submitted pursuant to the Securities Trading Act §
5-12 and MAR Article 19 no. 3. The information was submitted for publication
at 2022-12-15 14:18 CET.

Attachments
Skjema For Melding Om Transaksjoner Utført Av Personer Med Ledelsesansvar
(«primærinnsidere») Og Deres Nærstående (KRT 1500)
Elliptic Labs -- Mandatory notification of trade by close associate