NOT FOR DISTRIBUTION OR RELEASE, DIRECTLY OR 
INDIRECTLY, TO U.S. NEWS WIRE SERVICES OR FOR 
DISSEMINATION IN THE UNITED STATES, CANADA OR JAPAN, 
OR ANY OTHER JURISDICTION IN WHICH THE DISTRIBUTION OR 
RELEASE WOULD BE UNLAWFUL

Entra - The Norwegian State, represented by the 
Ministry of Trade, Industry and Fisheries 
(the "NMTIF") completes the secondary placement of 30 
million shares in Entra ASA.

Reference is made to the announcement on 14 September 
2016, where the NMTIF announced a potential sale of up 
to 30 million shares in Entra ASA (the "Company" 
or "Entra", OSE-ticker "ENTRA"), representing 16.33% 
of the share capital and voting rights in the Company.

The NMTIF has today agreed to sell 30,000,000 shares 
in the company at a price of NOK 83 per share 
(the "Placement").

The trade date for the Placement is 15 September 2016, 
with settlement expected to occur on 19 September 2016.

Following completion of the Placement, the Norwegian 
State, represented by the Ministry of Trade, Industry 
and Fisheries will own 61,368,893 shares and votes in 
Entra, representing 33.40% of the share capital and 
voting rights in the Company.

Subject to certain customary exemptions, NMTIF has 
undertaken not to dispose of any additional shares in 
the Company within 90 days following completion of the 
Placement without the prior written consent of the 
Joint Bookrunners.

ABG Sundal Collier and DNB Markets acted as joint 
bookrunners in connection with the Placement.

IMPORTANT NOTICE 

This document and the information contained herein is 
not for release, publication or distribution in whole 
or in part in or into the United States. These 
materials do not contain or constitute an offer for 
sale or the solicitation of an offer to purchase 
securities in the United States. The securities 
referred to herein have not been and will not be 
registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as 
amended, (the "Securities Act") and may not be offered 
or sold in the United States absent registration under 
the Securities Act or pursuant to an available 
exemption from, or a transaction not subject to, the 
registration requirements of the Securities Act.

This document is only addressed to and directed at 
persons in member states of the European Economic Area 
who are qualified investors within the meaning of 
Article 2(1)(e) of the Prospectus Directive (Directive 
2003/71/EC) ("Qualified Investors") or to and at other 
persons to whom the offering can otherwise be made 
pursuant to  available exemptions under the Prospectus 
Directive. In addition, in the United Kingdom, this 
document is being distributed only to, and is directed 
only at, Qualified Investors who are persons  who have 
professional experience in matters relating to 
investments falling within  Article 19(5) of the 
Financial Services and Markets  Act 2000 (Financial 
Promotion) Order 2005, as amended (the "Order") or who 
are high net worth  entities falling within Article 49
(2)(a) to (d) of  the Order, and other persons to whom 
it may otherwise lawfully be communicated (all such 
persons  together being referred to as "relevant 
persons"). Any investment activity to which this 
document relates is available only to relevant persons 
in the United Kingdom, and will only be engaged with 
such persons. In any member state of the European 
Economic Area other than the United Kingdom, the 
offering was made pursuant to available exemptions 
under the Prospectus Directive. The offering was 
subject to a lower limit per order of EUR 100,000. 
Each of the Joint Bookrunners is acting for the 
Norwegian State, represented by the Ministry of Trade, 
Industry and Fisheries (the "NMTIF") in connection 
with the offering and no one else, and will not be 
responsible to anyone other than the MNTIF for 
providing the protections offered to clients of the 
Joint Bookrunners nor for providing advice in relation 
to the offering.