Reference is made to the stock exchange announcement published by Kongsberg
Automotive ASA (the "Company") regarding final results and allocation of
3,000,000,000 new shares in the subsequent offering (the "Subsequent Offering"),
each share with a nominal value and subscription price of NOK 0.10. Reference is
also made to previous stock exchange releases regarding exercise of subscription
rights in the Subsequent Offering by primary insiders in the Company and
subscriptions and issuance of new shares in the Company's long term incentive
program (the "Long Term Incentive Participants Offering").

The primary insiders set out below have been allocated shares in the Subsequent
Offering pursuant to over-subscriptions, based on number of subscription rights
exercised by the primary insider and in accordance with the allocation criteria
set out in the prospectus for the Subsequent Offering.

Ellen M. Hanetho, board director and primary insider, has been allocated 327.770
new shares in the Subsequent Offering pursuant exercise of subscription rights
and over-subscription. Subject to completion of the Subsequent Offering Ellen M.
Hanetho will in aggregate hold 1.127.770 shares in the Company.

Bjørn Ivan Ødegård, board director elected by the employees and primary insider,
has been allocated 99.248 new shares in the Subsequent Offering pursuant to over
-subscription in addition to exercise of subscription rights as previously
reported. Subject to completion of the Subsequent Offering will in aggregate
hold 219.713 shares in the Company.

Kongsberg Automotive ASA

Jon Munthe
General Counsel

Mobile phone: +47 901 14 582

Kongsberg Automotive provides world class products to the global vehicle
industry. Our products enhance the driving experience, making it safer, more
comfortable and sustainable. With revenues of approx. EUR 1.1 billion and
approximately 11.000 employees in 19 countries, Kongsberg Automotive is truly a
global supplier. The company has more than 25 production facilities worldwide.
The product portfolio includes seat comfort systems, driver and motion control
systems, fluid assemblies, and industrial driver interface products developed
for global vehicle manufacturers. Find more information at
www.kongsbergautomotive.com