Reference is made to previous stock exchange announcements from poLight ASA
("poLight" or the "Company") regarding a fully underwritten rights issue of
12,918,660 new shares ("Offer Shares") in the Company (the "Offer Shares"),
raising gross proceeds of NOK 135 million (the "Rights Issue"). Reference is
further made to the mandatory notifications of trade by certain members of the
Company's management on 17 April 2023.

Following the allocation of Offer Shares in the Rights Issue on 28 April 2023,
the following Offer Shares have been allocated to members of the Company's
Management:

  · Alf Henning Bekkevik, Chief Financial Officer, was allocated 4,201 Offer
Shares at the subscription price of NOK 10.45 per Offer Share;
  · Pierre Craen, Chief Technology Officer, was allocated 1,392 Offer Shares at
the subscription price of NOK 10.45 per Offer Share; and
  · Marianne Sandal, Chief Operating Officer, has subscribed for 3,315 Offer
Shares at the subscription price of NOK 10.45 per Offer Share.

Further information about the transactions is available in the attached
notification forms.

Øyvind Isaksen, Chief Executive Officer, (through his wholly-owned company
Oimacon AS) was allocated all Offer Shares subscribed for.

Further information from:

Dr. Øyvind Isaksen, CEO, poLight ASA: +47 90 87 63 98

About poLight ASA

poLight ASA (OSE: PLT) offers a patented, proprietary tunable optics technology,
starting with its first product, TLens® which replicates "the human eye"
experience in autofocus cameras used in devices such as smartphones, wearables,
barcode scanners, machine vision systems and various medical equipment.
poLight's TLens® enables better system performance and new user experiences due
to benefits such as extremely fast focus, small footprint, no magnetic
interference, low power consumption and constant field of view. poLight is based
in Horten, Norway, with employees in Finland, France, UK, US, China, Taiwan, and
the Philippines. For more information, please visit https://www.polight.com

This information is subject to the disclosure requirements set out in the Market
Abuse Regulation EU 596/2014 Art. 19, and pursuant to Section 5-12 of the
Norwegian Securities Trading Act.