Reference is made to the announcement by Zalaris ASA ("Zalaris" or the "Company", ticker code "ZAL"), where it announced the successful completion of a private placement of 2,322,300 shares in the Company (the "Offer Shares") at a price of NOK 60 per Offer Share at the date hereof (the "Private Placement".
 
Norwegian Retail AS ("NRAS"), a close associate of the Company's CEO, Hans Petter Mellerud has entered into a share lending agreement with Arctic Securities AS, on behalf of the managers in the Private Placement, and the Company whereby NRAS will lend 2,012,300 shares in the Company to Arctic Securities AS in order to facilitate delivery of listed shares to investors who were allocated Offer Shares in the Private Placement. The borrowed shares will be redelivered to NRAS upon the registration of the share capital increase pertaining to the Offer Shares in the Norwegian Register of Business Enterprises and issuance of the Offer Shares in VPS.

AHAG Vermögensverwaltung GmbH, a close associate of Harald Goetsch (Executive Vice President Central Europe in the Company) sold 200,000 shares in the Private Placement. Following this transaction, AHAG Vermögensverwaltung GmbH owns 221,976 shares in the Company.

Vestland Invest AS, a close associate of Erik Langaker (member of the Company's board of directors), was allocated and subscribed for 75,000 shares in the Private Placement. Following this transaction, Vestland Invest AS owns 985,659 shares in the Company.

Please refer to the attached notifications of trading for further details.

For further information, please contact:

Gunnar Manum, CFO
Mobile: +47 951 79 190
E-mail: gunnar.manum@zalaris.com

About Zalaris:
Zalaris simplify HR and payroll administration, and empower you with useful information so that you can invest more in people. We are a leading service provider of Human Capital Management (HCM) solutions across Europe, serving more than 1.5 million employees monthly with an annual revenue of 78 million Euros (2020). We hold #1 or #2 positions in most of our markets. Our consultants have more than 21 years of experience in transforming HR with our clients. Simplify work life. Achieve more. For more information about us, go to zalaris.com.

This  information is subject to the  disclosure requirements pursuant to section 5-12 of the Norwegian Securities Trading Act.