Oslo, Norway, 26 March 2025 - Photocure ASA (the "Company") (OSE: PHO) has
granted share options to Jane Healy, the Company's newly appointed Vice
President and General Manager EMEA as announced separately by the Company today.

A total of 100,000 share options have been issued to Jane Healy at an exercise
price of NOK 57.59. The exercise price is equal to the weighted average share
price 30 trading days before day of grant with an additional premium of 10% on
top of the calculated average price.

The options are granted in accordance with the Company's long term incentive
program and the Company's guidelines for remuneration of senior executives (the
"Guidelines"), as approved by the annual general meeting of the Company held 23
May 2024. The share option program and properties of the options are further
described in the Guidelines.

A primary insider notification pursuant to the market abuse regulation article
19 is attached.

For further information, please contact:

Dan Schneider
President and CEO
Photocure ASA
Email: ds@photocure.com

Erik Dahl
CFO
Photocure ASA
Tel: +4745055000
Email: ed@photocure.com

Media and IR enquiries:

Geir Bjørlo
Corporate Communications (Norway)
Tel: +47 91540000
Email: geir.bjorlo@corpcom.no

Note to editors:

All trademarks mentioned in this release are protected by law and are registered
trademarks of Photocure ASA.
This press release may contain product details and information which are not
valid, or a product is not accessible, in your country. Please be aware that
Photocure does not take any responsibility for accessing such information which
may not comply with any legal process, regulation, registration or usage in the
country of your origin.

About Bladder Cancer

Bladder cancer ranks as the 8th most common cancer worldwide - the 5th most
common in men - with 1949000 prevalent cases (5-year prevalence rate)1a, 614000
new cases and more than 220000 deaths in 2022.1b
Approx. 75% of all bladder cancer cases occur in men.1 It has a high recurrence
rate with up to 61% in year one and up to 78% over five years.2 Bladder cancer
has the highest lifetime treatment costs per patient of all cancers.3

Bladder cancer is a costly, potentially progressive disease for which patients
have to undergo multiple cystoscopies due to the high risk of recurrence. There
is an urgent need to improve both the diagnosis and the management of bladder
cancer for the benefit of patients and healthcare systems alike.
Bladder cancer is classified into two types, non-muscle invasive bladder cancer
(NMIBC) and muscle-invasive bladder cancer (MIBC), depending on the depth of
invasion in the bladder wall. NMIBC remains in the inner layer of cells lining
the bladder. These cancers are the most common (75%) of all BC cases and include
the subtypes Ta, carcinoma in situ (CIS) and T1 lesions. In MIBC the cancer has
grown into deeper layers of the bladder wall. These cancers, including subtypes
T2, T3 and T4, are more likely to spread and are harder to treat.4

1 Globocan. a) 5-year prevalence / b) incidence/mortality by population.
Available at: https://gco.iarc.fr/today, accessed [February 2024].

2 Babjuk M, et al. Eur Urol. 2019; 76(5): 639-657

3 Sievert KD et al. World J Urol 2009;27:295-300

4 Bladder Cancer. American Cancer Society. https://www.cancer.org/cancer/bladder
-cancer.html

About Hexvix®/Cysview® (hexaminolevulinate HCl)
Hexvix/Cysview is a drug that preferentially accumulates in cancer cells in the
bladder, making them glow bright pink during Blue Light Cystoscopy (BLC®). BLC
with Hexvix/Cysview, compared to standard white light cystoscopy alone, improves
the detection of tumors and leads to more complete resection, fewer residual
tumors, and better management decisions.

Cysview is the tradename in the U.S. and Canada, Hexvix is the tradename in all
other markets. Photocure is commercializing Cysview/Hexvix directly in the U.S.
and Europe and has strategic partnerships for the commercialization of
Hexvix/Cysview in China, Chile, Australia, New Zealand and Israel. Please refer
to https://photocure.com/partners/our-partners for further information on our
commercial partners.

About Photocure ASA
Photocure: The Bladder Cancer Company delivers transformative solutions to
improve the lives of bladder cancer patients. Our unique technology, making
cancer cells glow bright pink, has led to better health outcomes for patients
worldwide. Photocure is headquartered in Oslo, Norway and listed on the Oslo
Stock Exchange (OSE: PHO). For more information, please visit us at
www.photocure.com/news

This information is subject to the disclosure requirements pursuant to the
market abuse regulation article 19 and 5-12 of the Norwegian Securities Trading
Act.


