NOT FOR DISTRIBUTION OR RELEASE, DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY IN OR INTO THE UNITED
STATES, CANADA, JAPAN OR AUSTRALIA OR ANY OTHER JURISDICTION IN WHICH THE
DISTRIBUTION OR RELEASE WOULD BE UNLAWFUL. OTHER RESTRICTIONS ARE APPLICABLE.
PLEASE SEE THE IMPORTANT INFORMATION AT THE END OF THE ANNOUNCEMENT.

Oslo, 12 March 2015. Reference is made to the stock exchange announcement dated
11 March 2015, regarding the launch of the initial public offering (the
"Offering") of shares of Nordic Nanovector ASA ("Nordic Nanovector", the
"Company", OSE ticker code: "NANO").

On the first day of the bookbuilding period and the application period of the
Offering, the following primary insider has applied for offer shares in the
institutional offering:

. HealthCap VI L.P. (represented on the Company's Board of Directors by Board
member Per Samuelsson) has applied for offer shares for a total amount of NOK
20,000,000

Further, the following primary insiders have applied for offer shares in the
retail offering:

. Ludvik Sandnes (Chairman of the Board of Directors) has applied for offer
shares for a total amount of NOK 150,000

. Roy H. Larsen (member of the Board of Directors) has applied for offer shares
for a total amount of NOK 100,000

. Tone Kv책le (Chief Financial Officer) has applied for offer shares for a total
amount of NOK 100,000. In addition, a close associate of Tone Kv책le has applied
for offer shares for a total amount of NOK 300,000.

The applications have been made according to the terms and conditions for the
Offering described in the prospectus dated 10 March 2015 (the "Prospectus")
prepared in connection with the Offering.
The Prospectus is, subject to regulatory restrictions in certain jurisdictions,
available at www.nordicnanovector.com, www.abgsc.no, www.carnegie.no and
www.dnb.no/emisjoner. Hard copies of the Prospectus may be obtained free of
charge at the offices of Nordic Nanovector at Kjels책sveien 168B, N-0884 Oslo,
Norway, or by contacting one of the Managers (as defined below).

ABG Sundal Collier and DNB Markets, a part of DNB Bank ASA, are acting as Joint
Global Coordinators for the Offering and ABG Sundal Collier, Carnegie and DNB
Markets are acting as Joint Bookrunners for the Offering. The Joint Global
Coordinators and Joint Bookrunners are herein referred to as the "Managers".

For further queries, please contact:
Luigi Costa, CEO
Cell: (41) 79 124 8601
Fax: (47) 22 58 00 07
E-mail: lcosta@nordicnanovector.com

Tone Kv책le, CFO
Cell: (47) 91 51 95 76
Fax: (47) 22 58 00 07
E-mail: tkvale@nordicnanovector.com

About Nordic Nanovector
Nordic Nanovector is a biotech company focusing on the development and
commercialization of novel targeted therapeutics in haematology and oncology.
The Company's lead clinical-stage product opportunity is BetalutinT, the first
in a new class of Antibody-Radio-Conjugates (ARCs), designed to improve upon and
complement current options for the treatment of Non-Hodgkin's Lymphoma (NHL).
NHL is an indication with substantial unmet medical need and orphan drug
opportunities, representing a growing market worth over $12 billion by 2018.
BetalutinT comprises a tumor-seeking anti-CD37 antibody conjugated to low
intensity radionuclide (Lutetium 177). It has shown promising efficacy in Phase
1 studies in a difficult-to-treat NHL patient population and as well as a very
favourable tolerability. BetalutinT is fast advancing through clinical
development and with first approval anticipated in 2018.
Nordic Nanovector intends to retain marketing rights and to actively participate
in the commercialization of BetalutinT in core markets, while exploring
potential distribution agreements in selected geographies. The Company is
committed to developing its ARC pipeline to treat a number of select cancer
indications.
Further information about the Company can be found at www.nordicnanovector.com.

IMPORTANT INFORMATION
United States
These materials may not be published, distributed or transmitted in the United
States, Canada, Australia or Japan. These materials do not constitute an offer
of securities for sale or a solicitation of an offer to purchase securities (the
"Shares") of Nordic Nanovector ASA (the "Company") in the United States, Norway
or any other jurisdiction. The Shares of the Company may not be offered or sold
in the United States absent registration or an exemption from registration under
the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "U.S. Securities Act"). The
Shares of the Company have not been, and will not be, registered under the U.S.
Securities Act. Any sale in the United States of the securities mentioned in
this communication will be made solely to "qualified institutional buyers" as
defined in Rule 144A under the U.S. Securities Act.

European Economic Area
Any offering of securities will be made by means of a prospectus to be published
that may be obtained from the issuer or selling security holder, once published,
and that will contain detailed information about the Company and its management,
as well as financial statements.
These materials are an advertisement and not a prospectus for the purposes of
Directive 2003/71/EC, as amended (together with any applicable implementing
measures in any Member State, the "Prospectus Directive"). Investors should not
subscribe for any securities referred to in these materials except on the basis
of information contained in the prospectus.
In any EEA Member State other than Norway (from the time the prospectus has been
approved by the Financial Supervisory Authority of Norway, in its capacity as
the competent authority in Norway, and published in accordance with the
Prospectus Directive as implemented in Norway) that has implemented the
Prospectus Directive, this communication is only addressed to and is only
directed at "qualified investors" in that Member State within the meaning of
Article 2(1)(e) of the Prospectus Directive ("Qualified Investors"), i.e., only
to investors to whom an offer of securities may be made without the requirement
for the Company to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus
Directive in such EEA Member State.

United Kingdom
In the United Kingdom, these materials are only being distributed to and are
only directed at Qualified Investors who (i) are investment professionals
falling within Article 19(5) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000
(Financial Promotion) Order 2005 (as amended) (the "Order") or (ii) are persons
falling within Article 49(2)(a) to (d) of the Order (high net worth companies,
unincorporated associations, etc.) (all such persons together being referred to
as "Relevant Persons"). These materials are directed only at Relevant Persons
and must not be acted on or relied on by persons who are not Relevant Persons.
Any investment or investment activity to which this document relates is
available only to Relevant Persons and will be engaged in only with Relevant
Persons.

