Reference is made to the stock exchange announcement published by Observe
Medical ASA (the "Company") on 27 November 2023 regarding the allocation of
subscription rights (the "Subscription Rights") in the rights issue to primary
insiders and close associates.

Ingerø Reiten Investment Company AS, a closely associated person of primary
insider Terje Bakken, has exercised 27,730,757 Subscription Rights, entitling
Ingerø Reiten Investment Company AS to be allocated 27,730,757 offer shares in
the Rights Issue at a price per offer share of NOK 0.26, subject to the Rights
Issue being completed. Furthermore, a close associate has sold their
Subscription Rights. For more information see the attached mandatory
notifications of trade.

This information is subject to the disclosure requirements pursuant to article
19 of the EU Market Abuse Regulation and section 5-12 of the Norwegian
Securities Trading Act.

For further information about the Company, please contact:

Rune Nystad, CEO Observe Medical

Mobile: +47 916 24 683

E-mail: rune.nystad@observemedical.com

Per Arne Nygård, CFO Observe Medical

Mobile: +47 411 04 345

E-mail: perarne.nygard@observemedical.com

About Observe Medical

Observe Medical is a Nordic medtech company that develops, markets and sells
innovative medtech products for the global market. The Company is committed to
improving patient welfare and patient outcomes, improving clinical data accuracy
and promoting positive health economics.

The Company seeks to drive growth by leveraging its expertise in sales and
commercialization of its broad portfolio of medical technology products, mainly
in urine measurement, ultrasound, anesthesiology/ICUs, surgery and wound care,
in combination with targeted M&A.

The Company is headquartered in Oslo, Norway, with additional offices in Narvik,
Norway and Gothenburg, Sweden, and subsidiaries in Finland and the US. In
addition, Observe Medical has a direct sale organization in the Nordics and a
distributor network internationally.

Further information is available at www.observemedical.com.