Oslo, 25 May 2021: Reference is made to the stock exchange announcements by NEXT Biometrics Group ASA ("NEXT" or the "Company") on 12 May regarding the Annual General meeting authorizing the company's board of directors authority to issue options to management and key employees. 

The following primary insiders in the Company have been granted additional share options by the board of directors:
-Peter Heuman (CEO) has been granted 2,000,000 share options in the Company, following which he holds in total 4,720,000 share options.

-Eirik Underthun (CFO) has been granted 800,000 share options in the Company, following which he holds in total 1,300,000 share options.

With regard to the 2021 option program for management and employees, in total 33% of the options vest in the third calendar quarter of 2021, 33% of the options vest in the third calendar quarter of 2022 and the remaining 33% vest in the third calendar quarter of 2023. The date of expiry for all vested options is the date falling 36 months after the date of grant. Any options that are not exercised at, or prior to, this date will elapse.

The exercise price of the share options shall be equal to the average volume weighted market price of the Company's shares over the last five trading days prior to the date of grant, being NOK 5.97.

After the above-mentioned allotment, if all conditions are met, the total number of issued share options in the Company is 10,097,124.

This information is subject to the disclosure requirements pursuant to Article 19 of the EU Market Abuse Regulation and section 5-12 of the Norwegian Securities Trading Act.

NEXT Investor contact:
Peter Heuman (CEO), peter.heuman@nextbiometrics.com
Eirik Underthun (CFO), eirik.underthun@nextbiometrics.com

About NEXT Biometrics
NEXT provides advanced fingerprint sensor technology that delivers uncompromised security and accuracy for the best possible user experience in the smart card, government ID, access control and notebook markets. The company’s patented NEXT Active Thermal™ principle allows the development of large, high quality fingerprint sensors in both rigid and flexible formats. NEXT Biometrics Group ASA (www.nextbiometrics.com) is headquartered in Oslo, with sales, support and development operations in Seattle, Taipei, Bengaluru and Shanghai.