



1. Settlement of vested restricted stock units ("RSUs")

Robert Burns, member of the board of directors of Targovax ASA (the "Primary
Insider"), has on 25 August 2017 subscribed for 40,984 shares in Targovax ASA at
a price of NOK 0.10 per share in connection with settlement of vested RSUs.

2. Transfer of rights and sale of shares

Following the subscription, the Primary Insider transferred 40,984 rights to
receive shares from the settlement of the RSUs to a third party to sell the
corresponding amount of shares in the market in order to cover the Primary
Insider's tax cash impact from the settlement of the RSUs/subscription of the
shares.

On behalf of the Primary Insider, the third party sold 10,119 shares for an
amount of NOK 194,466.942 to cover taxes for the subscription of shares. The
third party completed its sale in the market with an average sale price of NOK
19.218 per share. Following the sale of the shares to finance tax, 30,865 new
shares will be issued to the primary insider.

3. New holding

Robert Burns and his close associates will hold 64,928 shares, 21,235 options
and 10,051 RSUs in Targovax ASA after the settlement of the RSUs.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
For further information, please contact:

Erik Digman Wiklund, CFO
Phone: + 47 413 33 536
Email: erik.wiklund@targovax.com



About Targovax

Arming the patient's immune system to fight cancer

Targovax  is a clinical stage company  focused on developing and commercializing
novel  immuno-oncology therapies to target, primarily, treatment-resistant solid
tumors.  Immuno-oncology  is  currently  one  of the fastest growing therapeutic
fields in medicine.

The Company's development pipeline is based on two novel proprietary platforms:

The  first platform,  ONCOS, uses  oncolytic viruses  as potential multi-target,
neo-antigen  therapeutic cancer  vaccines. ONCOS  exclusively uses an adenovirus
that  has been  engineered to  be an  immune activator  that selectively targets
cancer  cells.  In  phase  I  studies  it  has demonstrated immune activation at
lesional level which was associated with clinical benefit. In an ongoing phase I
trial  in  advanced  melanoma  we  expect  important  proof  of concept data for
checkpoint inhibitor refractory patients.

The  second, TG,  is a  target specific,  neo-antigen therapeutic cancer vaccine
platform  that  solely  targets  tumors  that  express  mutated forms of the RAS
protein.  Mutations to this protein are common  in many cancers and are known to
drive  aggressive disease progression and treatment  resistance. There is a high
unmet  medical need for therapies that are effective against tumors that express
these  mutations. The TG platform's therapeutic potential stems from its ability
to  enable a patient's immune system to identify and then destroy tumors bearing
any  RAS mutations. In early 2017, key proof of concept data for the TG platform
from  a clinical  trial of  TG01 in  resected pancreatic  cancer patients showed
encouraging  overall survival  and will  give guidance  for the  future clinical
development of this platform.

Targovax's  development  pipeline  has  three  novel  therapeutic  candidates in
clinical development covering six indications.

Both  platforms are protected by  an extensive portfolio of  IP and know-how and
have  the potential  to yield  multiple product  candidates in  a cost-effective
manner.   Additionally,   Targovax   has  other  products  in  early  stages  of
development.

In  July 2016, the Company listed  its shares on Oslo  Axess. In March 2017, the
shares moved to Oslo Børs, the main Oslo Stock Exchange.

This information is subject to the disclosure requirements pursuant to section
5-12 of the Norwegian Securities Trading Act.


 
    