Copenhagen, February 24, 2025: Cadeler A/S (“Cadeler”) has received notification pursuant to article 19 of the Market Abuse Regulation (EU) no. 596/2014 of the below transaction related to shares in Cadeler made by persons discharging managerial responsibilities in Cadeler and/or persons closely associated with them.

Emanuele Lauro, Vice-Chairman of Cadeler’s Board of Directors, and Scorpio Holdings Limited (SHL) and Scorpio Services Holding Limited (SSHL), both persons closely associated with Mr. Lauro, have made the transactions described in the attached notifications on the dates set out therein.

Each of Mr. Lauro, SHL and SSHL have informed Cadeler that they have withdrawn the ordinary shares underlying the American Depositary Receipts (ADRs) that they previously held through Cadeler’s ADR program due to a preference on the part of each of Mr. Lauro, SHL and SSHL to hold their shares in Cadeler directly and not through an ADR. There has been no change in the beneficial ownership of any such shares.

Please see the attached file for further details.

For further information, please contact: 

Mikkel Gleerup
CEO, Cadeler 
+45 3246 3102 
mikkel.gleerup@cadeler.com

Alexander Simmonds
EVP & CLO, Cadeler
+44 7376 174172
Alexander.simmonds@cadeler.com

About Cadeler A/S: 

Cadeler is a global leader in offshore wind installation, operations, and maintenance services. Cadeler is a pure play company, operating solely in the offshore wind industry with an uncompromising focus on safety and the environment. Cadeler owns and operates the industry’s largest fleet of jack-up offshore wind installation vessels and has for more than 10 years been a key supplier in the development of offshore wind energy to power millions of households. Cadeler’s fleet, expertise and capacity to handle the largest and most complex next-generation offshore wind installation projects positions the company to deliver exceptional services to the industry. Cadeler is committed to being at the forefront of sustainable wind farm installation and to enabling the global energy transition towards a future built on renewable energy. Cadeler is listed on the New York Stock Exchange (ticker: CDLR) and the Oslo Stock Exchange (ticker: CADLR).
 
For more information, please visit www.cadeler.com