Reference is made to the stock exchange announcement on 27 August 2021 regarding
the establishment of a long-term incentive program for executive management in
Salmon Evolution ASA ("Salmon Evolution" or the "Company") and stock exchange
announcement of 10 January 2023 regarding the appointment of Trond Håkon Schaug
-Pettersen as the CEO of Salmon Evolution and Trond Vadset Veibust as the new
CFO of Salmon Evolution.

Trond Håkon Schaug-Pettersen has been granted additional 200,000 share options
under the long-term incentive program for the grant to be issued on 1 June 2023
(increase from previously granted 800,000 share options to 1,000,000 share
options). Following the grant, Trond Håkon Schaug-Pettersen (directly or
indirectly through his wholly owned company Troha Invest AS) holds a total of
2,600,000 share options and 400,000 shares in the Company.

Trond Vadset Veibust has been granted a total of 500,000 share options under the
program. Following the grant, Trond Vadset Veibust holds a total of 500,000
share options and 0 shares in the Company.

Issued options vest 50% after year one and 50% after year two. The strike price
shall equal the closing price of the Company's shares on Oslo Børs on the last
trading day prior to the future issue date + 15%.

Each option gives the option holder a right to purchase one share in the
Company. The Company may honor options when exercised by delivering either new
shares, treasury shares or settlement in cash, at the discretion of the Company.

Following the grant, the total number of outstanding options in the Company is
5,850,000.

Primary insider notifications pursuant to the market abuse regulation article 19
are attached.

For further information, please contact:

Trond Håkon Schaug-Pettersen
CEO, Salmon Evolution
+47 911 91 327

About Salmon Evolution

Salmon Evolution is a Norwegian land-based salmon farming company targeting a
production capacity of 100,000 tonnes HOG by 2032. The Company's core focus is
on extending the ocean's potential by transferring the best preconditions
offered by the sea to farm fish on land through its chosen hybrid flow-through
system technology (HFS). This secures a truly sustainable production process
with controlled and optimal growth conditions and limiting operational and
biological risk.

The Company's first production facility is strategically located at Indre Harøy
on the Norwegian west coast with unlimited access to fresh seawater, renewable
energy, established infrastructure, and an educated and experienced work force.
Phase 1 is already in operation and will have an annual capacity of 7,900 tonnes
HOG at steady state. Fully developed, the Indre Harøy facility will have an
annual capacity of 31,500 tonnes HOG.

The Company has also entered into a joint venture with Dongwon Industries where
the parties will develop, construct and operate a land-based salmon farming
facility in South Korea with an annual production capacity of 16,800 tonnes HOG,
using Salmon Evolution's chosen HFS technology.

Furthermore, Salmon Evolution has initiated a process with the aim of
establishing a land-based salmon farming operation in North America.

Salmon Evolution ASA is listed on Oslo Børs under the ticker SALME.

To learn more, please visit www.salmonevolution.no

This information is subject to the disclosure requirements pursuant to section 5
-12 of the Norwegian Securities Trading Act.