Reference is made to the stock exchange announcement on 27 August 2021 regarding
the establishment of a long-term incentive program for executive management in
Salmon Evolution ASA ("Salmon Evolution" or the "Company").

Odd Frode Roaldsnes, Head of Asia and a primary insider in Salmon Evolution has
been granted a total of 750,000 share options under the program. Following the
grant, Odd Frode Roaldsnes holds a total of 750,000 options and 0 shares in the
Company.

The options will be issued on an annual basis with 1/3 each year, with issue
dates being 22 November 2021, 1 June 2022 and 1 June 2023. Issued options vest
50% after year one and 50% after year two.

A total of 250,000 share options were granted at a strike price of NOK 9.00 per
share, and a total of 500,000 share options were granted at a strike price equal
to the closing price of the Company's shares on Oslo Børs on the last trading
day prior to the respective future issue dates + 15%.

Each option gives the option holder a right to purchase one share in the
Company. The Company may honor options when exercised by delivering either new
shares, treasury shares or settlement in cash, at the discretion of the Company.

Following the grant, the total number of outstanding options in the Company are
9,275,000.

Primary insider notifications pursuant to the market abuse regulation article 19
are attached.

For more information, please contact:
Trond Håkon Schaug-Pettersen, CFO (+47 911 91 327)

About Salmon Evolution
Salmon Evolution is a Norwegian land-based salmon farming company focused on
extending the ocean's potential by transferring the best preconditions offered
by the sea to farm fish on land through its hybrid flow-through system
technology (HFS). This secures a truly sustainable production process with
controlled and optimal growth conditions and limiting operational and biological
risk.

The Company's first production facility is under construction at Indre Harøy,
strategically located on the Norwegian west coast with unlimited access to fresh
seawater, renewable energy, established infrastructure for salmon farming, and
an educated and experienced work force. The entire project is designed for an
annual capacity of approx. 31,500 tonnes HOG.

The Company has also entered into a joint venture with Dongwon Industries where
the parties will develop, construct and operate a land-based salmon farming
facility in South Korea with an annual production capacity of 16,800 tonnes HOG,
using Salmon Evolution's HFS technology.

Salmon Evolution ASA is listed on Oslo Børs under the ticker SALME. To learn
more, please visit www.salmonevolution.no.

This information is subject to the disclosure requirements pursuant to the
market abuse regulation article 19 and 5-12 of the Norwegian Securities Trading
Act.