Reference  is made to the announcement by Vow ASA (OSE ticker VOW) ("Vow" or the
"Company"),  where it announced the successful completion of a private placement
of 8,000,000 shares in the Company (the "Offer Shares") at a price of NOK 46 per
Offer  Share at the date hereof (the "Private Placement"). The Private Placement
comprised an issue of 5,000,000 new shares (the "New Shares") in the Company and
the  sale of  3,000,000 shares by  close associates  of primary  insiders of the
Company (as listed below).

  * Ingerø Reiten Investment Company AS ("IRIC"), a close associate of the
    chairman of the Company's board of directors, Narve Reiten, and board
    member, Bård Brath Ingerø, sold 1,200,000 shares in the Private Placement.
    Following this transaction, IRIC owns 25,816,822 shares in Vow (which
    together with IRIC's future/forward agreement, will bring IRICs total
    shareholding up to 31,145,000 shares). Additionally, IRIC has entered into a
    share lending agreement with SpareBank 1 Markets AS, on behalf of the
    managers in the Private Placement, and the Company whereby IRIC will lend
    5,000,000 shares in Vow to Sparebank 1 Markets AS (on behalf of the managers
    in the Private Placement) in order to facilitate delivery of listed shares
    to the investors who are allocated New Shares in the Private Placement. The
    borrowed shares will be redelivered to IRIC upon the registration of the
    share capital increase pertaining to the New Shares in the Norwegian
    Register of Business Enterprises and issuance of the New Shares in VPS.

  * Badin Invest Limited, a close associate of the Company's CEO Henrik Badin,
    sold 600,000 shares in the Private Placement. Following this transaction,
    Badin Invest Limited owns 9,900,000 shares in Vow.

  * Daler Inn Limited, a close associate of the Company's CDO Asgeir Wien, sold
    600,000 shares in the Private Placement. Following this transaction, Daler
    Inn Limited owns 10,000,000 shares in Vow.

  * Exproco Limited, a close associate of the Company's COO Jonny Hansen, sold
    600,000 shares in the Private Placement. Following this transaction, Exproco
    Limited owns 9,960,000 shares in Vow.

Please refer to the attached notifications of trading for further details.


For further information, please contact:

Vow ASA
Erik Magelssen - CFO
Tel: + 47 928 88 728
Email: erik.magelssen@vowasa.com


About Vow ASA:

In Vow and our subsidiaries Scanship and Etia we are passionate about preventing
pollution.  Our world leading solutions convert  biomass and waste into valuable
resources  and  generate  clean  and  CO2  neutral  energy  for  a wide range of
industries.

Cruise ships on every ocean have Vow technology inside which processes waste and
purifies  wastewater. Fish  farmers are  adopting similar  solutions, and public
utilities  and  industries  use  our  solutions  for  sludge  processing,  waste
management and biogas production on land.

Our  ambitions  go  further  than  this.  With  our  advanced  technologies  and
solutions,  we turn waste into biogenetic fuels to help decarbonize industry and
convert  plastic waste into  fuel, clean energy  and high-value pyro carbon. Our
solutions  are scalable,  standardized, patented  and thoroughly documented, and
our  capability to deliver  is well proven.  They are key  to end waste and stop
pollution.


This  information is subject to the  disclosure requirements pursuant to section
5-12 of the Norwegian Securities Trading Act.