13.7.2021 15:22:05 CEST | SmartCraft ASA | Mandatory notification of trade
primary insiders

NOT FOR DISTRIBUTION OR RELEASE, IN WHOLE OR IN PART, DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY, IN
OR INTO THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA, AUSTRALIA, CANADA, THE HONG KONG SPECIAL
ADMINISTRATIVE REGION OF THE PEOPLE'S REPUBLIC OF CHINA OR JAPAN, OR ANY OTHER
JURISDICTION IN WHICH THE DISTRIBUTION OR RELEASE WOULD BE UNLAWFUL.

SmartCraft ASA - Borrowed shares redelivered - mandatory notification of trade
from close associate of primary insiders

Oslo, 13 July 2021. Reference is made to the announcement made on 7 July 2021
whereby SmartCraft ASA ("SmartCraft" or the "Company", OSE ticker code "SMCRT")
announced that the increase in the Company's share capital in connection with
partial exercise of greenshoe option had been registered.

ABG Sundal Collier ASA ("ABGSC") has today redelivered to Valedo Partners III AB
("Valedo") the 6,179,775 shares borrowed from Valedo for the purposes of
facilitating delivery in respect of the over-allotments made in connection with
the Company's initial public offering of shares (the "IPO").

Valedo is a legal person closely associated with the members of the board of
directors Carl Ivarsson and Allan Engström. Please see the attached form of
notification and public disclosure by person closely associated with primary
insiders. The form and information therein is subject to the disclosure
requirements in article 19 of the Regulation EU 596/2014 (the EU Market Abuse
Regulation) and section 5-12 of the Norwegian Securities Trading Act.

ABGSC and Carnegie AS acted as joint global coordinators and joint bookrunners
in the IPO, and Joh. Berenberg, Gossler & Co. KG acted as joint bookrunner in
the IPO (collectively, the "Managers"). Advokatfirmaet Thommessen AS is acting
as legal counsel to the Company. Advokatfirmaet Schjødt AS is acting as legal
counsel to the Managers.

For further queries, please contact:

Gustav Line, CEO

Email: gustav.line@smartcraft.no

+47 952 67 104

Kjartan Bø, CFO

Email: kjartan.bo@smartcraft.no

+47 410 27 000



ABOUT SMARTCRAFT

SmartCraft is the leading Nordic provider of mission-critical SaaS solutions to
SME's in the construction sector. The company's business model is highly
scalable, based on 94% recurring revenue and low churn. The construction sector
is among the least digitalized industries and represents a NOK 10bn software
market in the Nordics, growing at a double-digit rate. SmartCraft's solutions
help customers to increase their productivity, margins, and resource efficiency.

IMPORTANT INFORMATION

This information does not constitute or form part of any offer or solicitation
to purchase or subscribe for securities of the Company, in the United States or
in any other jurisdiction. The securities of the Company may not be offered or
sold in the United States absent registration or an exemption from registration
under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "U.S. Securities Act").
The securities of the Company have not been, and will not be, registered under
the U.S. Securities Act. Any sale in the United States of the securities
mentioned in this communication will be made solely to "qualified institutional
buyers" as defined in Rule 144A under the U.S. Securities Act. No public
offering of the securities will be made in the United States.

In any EEA Member State, other than Norway, this communication is only addressed
to and is only directed at qualified investors in that Member State within the
meaning of the EU Prospectus Regulation, i.e., only to investors who can receive
the offer without an approved prospectus in such EEA Member State. The
expression "EU Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the
European Parliament and of the Council of 14 June 2017 (together with any
applicable implementing measures in any Member State).

In the United Kingdom, this communication is only addressed to and is only
directed at Qualified Investors who (i) are investment professionals falling
within Article 19(5) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial
Promotion) Order 2005 (as amended) (the "Order") or (ii) are persons falling
within Article 49(2)(a) to (d) of the Order (high net worth companies,
unincorporated associations, etc.) (all such persons together being referred to
as "Relevant Persons"). These materials are directed only at Relevant Persons
and must not be acted on or relied on by persons who are not Relevant Persons.
Any investment or investment activity to which this announcement relates is
available only to Relevant Persons and will be engaged in only with Relevant
Persons. Persons distributing this communication must satisfy themselves that it
is lawful to do so.

Any offering of the securities referred to in this announcement will be made by
means of a prospectus. This announcement is an advertisement and is not a
prospectus for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European
Parliament and of the Council of 14 June 2017 on prospectuses to be published
when securities are offered to the public or admitted to trading on a regulated
market, and repealing Directive 2003/71/EC (as amended) as implemented in any
Member State. Investors should not subscribe for any securities referred to in
this announcement except on the basis of information contained in the
aforementioned prospectus. Copies of any such prospectus will, following
publication, be available from the Company's registered office and, subject to
certain exceptions, on the websites of the Company and the Managers.

Matters discussed in this announcement may constitute forward-looking
statements. Forward-looking statements are statements that are not historical
facts and may be identified by words such as "anticipate", "believe",
"continue", "estimate", "expect", "intends", "may", "should", "will" and similar
expressions. The forward-looking statements in this release are based upon
various assumptions, many of which are based, in turn, upon further assumptions.
Although the Company believes that these assumptions were reasonable when made,
these assumptions are inherently subject to significant known and unknown risks,
uncertainties, contingencies and other important factors which are difficult or
impossible to predict and are beyond its control. Such risks, uncertainties,
contingencies and other important factors could cause actual events to differ
materially from the expectations expressed or implied in this release by such
forward-looking statements. The information, opinions and forward-looking
statements contained in this announcement speak only as at its date, and are
subject to change without notice.

This announcement is made by and, and is the responsibility of, the Company. The
Managers are acting exclusively for the Company and no one else in connection
with the offering and will not be responsible to anyone other than the Company
for providing the protections afforded to their respective clients, or for
advice in relation to the offering and/or the contents of this announcement or
any of the matters referred to herein.

Neither the Managers nor any of their respective affiliates makes any
representation as to the accuracy or completeness of this announcement and none
of them accepts any responsibility for the contents of this announcement or any
matters referred to herein.

This announcement is for information purposes only and is not to be relied upon
in substitution for the exercise of independent judgment. It is not intended as
investment advice and under no circumstances is it to be used or considered as
an offer to sell, or a solicitation of an offer to buy any securities or a
recommendation to buy or sell any securities of the Company. Neither the
Managers nor any of its respective affiliates accepts any liability arising from
the use of this announcement.

Each of the Company, the Managers and their respective affiliates expressly
disclaims any obligation or undertaking to update, review or revise any
statement contained in this announcement whether as a result of new information,
future developments or otherwise.

The issue, subscription or purchase of shares in the Company is subject to
specific legal or regulatory restrictions in certain jurisdictions. Neither the
Company nor the Managers assume any responsibility in the event there is a
violation by any person of such restrictions. The distribution of this
announcement and other information may be restricted by law in certain
jurisdictions. Persons into whose possession this announcement or such other
information should come are required to inform themselves about and to observe
any such restrictions. Any failure to comply with these restrictions may
constitute a violation of the securities laws of any such jurisdiction.

ATTACHMENTS

PDMR Form.pdf -
https://kommunikasjon.ntb.no/ir-files/17847761/722/912/PDMR%20Form.pdf