Oslo, 27 June 2025: Reference is made to the stock exchange announcement by LINK Mobility Group Holding ASA (the "Company" and together with its consolidated subsidiaries, the "Group") on 5 June 2023 regarding the completion of its share purchase program ("ESPP") for employees.

Following the expiry of the vesting period for matching shares to the ESPP shares subscribed in 2023 ("2023 ESPP") and in accordance with the plan’s conditions, employees are entitled to matching shares.

As permitted and in accordance with the terms under 2023 ESPP the settlement of shares has been completed by transfer of the Company's own shares from the Company to the participants. Thus, no new shares have been issued in connection with the above. The 2023 ESPP matching shares have been transferred free of charge.  

The following primary insider has received shares:

•	Morten Løken Edvardsen, CFO & VP Investor relations, has received 2,778 matching shares under the 2023 ESPP 

Primary insider notification pursuant to the EU Market Abuse Regulation Article 19 is attached.

For further information, please contact 

Morten Løken Edvardsen, CFO & VP Investor Relations
+47 90 56 15 89
ir@linkmobility.com

About LINK Mobility 
LINK is an award-winning, leading global provider of mobile messaging and communications platform as a service (CPaaS) solutions for increased engagement. The company serves enterprise, SME and government customers. LINK offers a wide range of innovative and scalable mobile solutions, creating valuable digital convergence between businesses and customers, governments and citizens, platforms and users. LINK has more than 50,000 active customer accounts globally and exchanges more than 21 billion messages a year. LINK is listed on the Oslo Stock Exchange under the ticker LINK. For more information about LINK, please see www.linkmobility.com and follow LINK Mobility on LinkedIn.

This information is subject to the disclosure requirements pursuant to Section 5-12 of the Norwegian Securities Trading Act, EU Market Abuse Regulation Article 19 and Oslo Rulebook II.
