Amersfoort, 4 October 2025: Reference is made to the stock exchange
announcement by Envipco Holding N.V. ( (the "Company") on 23 September 2025
regarding completion of a private placement through issuance of new shares
(the "Private Placement"). To arrange for settlement of the Private Placement,
the Company entered into a share lending agreement (the "Share Lending
Agreement") with Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (publ), DNB Carnegie, a part
of DNB Bank ASA, and Pareto Securities AS (the "Borrowers"), Mr. Gregory
Garvey, Gregory Garvey Family Investments LLC (an entity controlled by Mr.
Garvey) and Mr. Maurice Bouri (the "Lending Shareholders").
 
Pursuant to the Share Lending Agreement, the Lending Shareholders lent a total
of 10,222,291 shares to the Borrowers. The Borrowers have on 3 October 2025
re-delivered 10,222,291 shares in the Company to the Lending Shareholders. New
shares issued by the Company were used for the re-delivery.
 
Mr. Gregory Garvey and Mr. Maurice Bouri are primary insiders, and Gregory
Garvey Family Investments LLC is a close associate of Mr. Gregory Garvey, and
the share lending is therefore a notifiable transaction pursuant to the Market
Abuse Regulation article 19. Further details about the transaction are
available in the attached form.

For further information please contact:
Simon Bolton, Group CEO +31 33 285 1773
Mikael Clement, CSO +47 9900 8000
www.envipco.com
investors@envipco.com (mailto:envipcoinvestorrelations@envipco.com)

About Envipco Holding N.V.
Envipco Holding N.V. (Envipco), www.envipco.com, is a Netherlands-based
holding company listed on Euronext Amsterdam and Euronext Oslo Børs (Symbols:
ENVI/ENVIP). Envipco, with operations in several countries around the globe,
is a recognized leader in the development and operation of reverse vending
machines (RVMs), automated technological systems for the recovery of used
beverage containers. Known for its innovative technology and market
leadership, Envipco holds several intellectual property rights for RVM
systems, including but not limited to beverage refund deposit markings,
material type identification, compaction, and accounting.

This information has been submitted pursuant to the Securities Trading Act §
5-12 and MAR Article 17. The information was submitted for publication at
2025-10-04 11:37 CEST.