PRESS RELEASE

Huddlestock Fintech AS (OSE: HUDL) Notification of trade by primary insider.

(Stavanger, NORWAY – 6 September 2021)  On September 3rd 2021, a consortium of investors, including Huddlestock Fintech co-founders Michel van Tol, Peter van Kleef and Murshid M. Ali, have concluded an agreement to acquire 49% of the Danish FinTech company MakeImpact! ApS through a share-swap involving Huddlestock Fintech shares.   

The share-swap agreement has been concluded outside of the remits of Huddlestock Fintech AS and the below is purely for informational purposes pertaining to transparency and reporting of primary insider trade.

The acquisition will be financed through a share-swap agreement between the consortium and MakeImpact! ApS, whereby the current owner(s) of MakeImpact! ApS will receive shares in Huddlestock Fintech AS in exchange for shares in MakeImpact! ApS. 

A total amount of 773,810 Huddlestock Fintech AS shares will be transferred in exchange for a 49% stake in MakeImpact! ApS with a NOK 4.20 reference price.   

To finance the share-swap agreement with MakeImpact! ApS:

Murshid M. Ali will be selling 309,524 shares in Huddlestock Fintech AS.  Subsequent to the sale Murshid M. Ali will own 6,268,141 shares in Huddlestock Fintech AS through his company Berker Group AS

Peter van Kleef will be selling 309,524 shares in Huddlestock Fintech AS.  Subsequent to the sale Peter van Kleef owns 20,589,222 shares in Huddlestock Fintech AS through his company Blue Oceans Enterprises Ltd.

This information is subject to the disclosure requirements pursuant to sections 4-4 and 5-12 of the Norwegian Securities Trading Act. 

For questions, please contact investor relations.

CONTACTS:
John E. Skajem, CEO, +47 418 87 412, jes@huddlestock.com 
Cecilia Luras, Director of Strategy & IR, +44 75 0090 5131, col@huddlestock.com 

To see all press and investor releases please have a look in the investor relations section of our corporate website www.huddlestock.com/investor-relations 

About Huddlestock Fintech:
Huddlestock Fintech AS was listed on Euronext Growth Market 26 November 2020, as Norway’s first fintech company to be publicly traded. Huddlestock Fintech is a company that develops and implements unique software as a service-solutions for digitizing work processes for custody banks, asset managers and trading venues. 

The open, compliance-optimized and data centric wealthtech platform allows our customers to offer a differentiated real-time product that reduces cost and increases efficiency. Huddlestock Fintech’s technology enables end-to-end digital services such as onboarding, client communication, reporting, order execution and portfolio management, all executed on the same platform. 

Huddlestock has developed two technology solutions, Apex (Custody) and Bedrock (Connectivity). Apex is a software as a service-solution that links custody services with asset managers and individual investors. Bedrock provides a white label solution that is primarily a product for financial services firms wanting to add low cost-efficient trading and investing services to their client web and app offerings.  

Through its world-class expert consultancy Visigon, Huddlestock delivers strategic technology solutions and process automation for the financial services industry. Founded in 2003, Visigon has grown into becoming the preferred supplier of financial consultancy services and technology providers in the Nordic region.  Visigon became part of the Huddlestock Fintech family in 2021.

Huddlestock Fintech has offices in Oslo, Stavanger, Copenhagen, Stockholm, Munich, Paris and Kuala Lumpur.

For more information, please visit www.huddlestock.com and www.visigon.com.