Oslo, 19 September 2025: Reference is made to the stock exchange announcement
made by BlueNord ASA ("BlueNord" or the "Company") on 19 September 2022
regarding the establishment of a one-off retention scheme for the Company's
Executive Management (the "Retention Scheme"), whereby the previous existing
options issued to members of Executive Management team were cancelled and
translated into retention shares that vest in full after three years (the
"Retention Shares").


The three-year vesting period has ended, and the Retention Shares shall be
delivered to the relevant participants free of charge, calculated net after tax.
The following members of the current Executive Management team shall be
delivered Retention Shares:

  · Euan Shirlaw, Chief Executive Officer, shall be delivered 31,553 shares free
of charge. Following such delivery, Euan Shirlaw owns a total of 45,114 shares
in the Company. In addition, Shirlaw has the right to receive maximum up to
23,229 shares in the Company under the LTI program before tax.
  · Cathrine F. Torgersen, Chief Corporate Affairs Officer, shall be delivered
10,522 shares. Following such delivery, Cathrine Torgersen owns a total of
19,507 shares in the Company. In addition, Torgersen has the right to receive
maximum up to 10,435 shares in the Company under the LTI program before tax.


The Retention Shares shall be delivered from the Company's holding of treasury
shares. Following delivery, the Company will hold 931,438 treasury shares.

Please see attached primary insider notification forms in accordance with the
Market Abuse Regulation article 19.


This information is subject to the disclosure requirements pursuant to Section 5
-12 of the Norwegian Securities Trading Act.

***

Contact:
Cathrine Torgersen, Chief Corporate Affairs Officer
Phone: +47 915 28 501
Email: cathrine.torgersen@bluenord.com

About BlueNord ASA
BlueNord is a strategically important European oil and gas company that
specialises in producing and developing energy resources, and in activities
which support the energy transition. The Company  has a 36.8 percent interest in
the Danish Underground Consortium (DUC) that is responsible for oil and gas
production in the Danish North Sea. BlueNord is listed on the Oslo Stock
Exchange and trades under the ticker "BNOR". For further information, please
visit: www.bluenord.com.


