COPENHAGEN, Denmark, 27 May 2025 – Napatech (OSLO: NAPA.OL)

Reference is made to the stock exchange announcement published by Napatech A/S (the "Company") on 27 May 2025 regarding the completion of a private placement of 10 million new shares in the Company (the "New Shares") at a subscription price of NOK 20 per share (the “Private Placement”). 

In connection with the Private Placement, the following primary insiders and close associates of primary insiders have been allocated New Shares:
-	Verdane Capital VIII K/S, a close associate of the chairman of the Company, Christian Jebsen ("Verdane"), has been allocated 300,000 New Shares 
-	HST Invest AS, a close associate of the CEO Lars Boilesen, has been allocated 100,000 New Shares 
-	Henrik Brill Jensen, COO of the Company has been allocated 25,000 New Shares 
 
Furthermore, for the purpose of facilitating delivery-versus-payment (DVP) of the shares allocated to investors in the Private Placement with existing shares in the Company already listed on the Oslo Stock Exchange (the “Share Lending”), Verdane will lend shares to the Managers as set out in the company announcement on 27 May 2025 regarding completion of the private placement. 

Please see the transaction notification forms for the above transactions attached to this release.

Further, in connection with the Share Lending, the Company has received a major shareholder notification from Verdane pursuant to Section 38 of the Danish Capital Markets Act and section 55 of the Danish Companies Act, respectively, regarding direct holdings of shares in the Company. 

The New Shares that are allocated to Verdane in the Private Placement will not be settled through the Share Lending, but rather be settled upon issuance of the New Shares as resolved by the board of directors of the Company. As a result of the Share Lending, Verdane thus holds 13,618 shares in the Company of a nominal value of DKK 0.25 each, corresponding to approximately 0.01% (previously approximately 9.71%) of the total share capital and voting rights prior to the issuance of the New Shares. Verdane will thereby fall below the 5% threshold pursuant to section 38 of the Danish Capital Markets Act.

Shares of an identical amount as part of the Share Lending, i.e. 9,700,000 shares in the Company, are expected to be redelivered to Verdane from the settlement agent together with the 300,000 New Shares that were allocated to Verdane as referenced above, both following registration of the share capital increase pertaining to the New Shares.

Following completion of (i) registration of the share capital increase in the Company pertaining to the New Shares, (ii) redelivery of the shares from the Share Lending, and (iii) delivery to Verdane of the New Shares allocated in the Private Placement, Verdane is expected to hold 10,013,618 shares in the Company of a nominal value of DKK 0.25 each, corresponding to approximately 9.10% of the total share capital and voting rights in the Company after the share capital increase.

For additional information, please contact:
Heine Thorsgaard, CFO
E-mail: htg@napatech.com
