Miami, July 11th, 2019

Alsco AS, the holding company of CEO and Chairman Johan E. Andreassen and board member Bjørn Vegard Løvik in Atlantic Sapphire AS, both primary insiders, has sold 9 355 shares in Atlantic Sapphire AS to Eric Meyer, Director of Operations and primary insider in Atlantic Sapphire AS, at an average price per share of NOK 92.5. The transaction is expected to be completed on July 27th, 2019.

Further, Alsco AS has sold 920 shares in Atlantic Sapphire AS to Alejandro Castro, Group Controller and primary insider in Atlantic Sapphire AS, at an average price per share of NOK 92.5. The transaction is expected to be completed on July 27th, 2019.

Following these transactions, Alsco AS holds a total of 9 459 849 shares in Atlantic Sapphire AS, corresponding to 13.3% of the outstanding shares and votes. Following the transaction, Eric Meyer holds 9 355 shares in Atlantic Sapphire AS, corresponding to 0.0% of the outstanding shares and votes. Alejandro Castro hold 920 shares in Atlantic Sapphire AS, corresponding to 0.0% of the outstanding shares and votes.

For further information, please contact:
Johan E. Andreassen
Chairman, Atlantic Sapphire AS;

or Karl Øystein Øyehaug
Finance Director, Atlantic Sapphire AS

investorrelations@atlanticsapphire.com

About Atlantic Sapphire AS 

Atlantic Sapphire is pioneering BluehouseTM (land-raised) salmon farming, locally, and transforming protein production, globally. Atlantic Sapphire has been operating its innovation center in Langsand, Denmark since 2011 with a strong focus on R&D and innovation to equip the company with technology and procedures that enables the company to commercially scale up production in end markets close to the consumer. 

In the US, the company has since 2010 worked to identify and permit the ideal location for BluehouseTM farming in Miami, Florida. The company is well underway with construction of its phase 1 build out which is projected to harvest approximately 10,000 tons of salmon annually, beginning in Q3, 2020. The company has also secured the key US water permits to produce up to 90,000 tons onsite, annually.

This information is subject to the disclosure requirements pursuant to the Continuing Obligations for companies listed on the Merkur Market.