


The  board of directors  of AKVA group  ASA ("AKVA group"  or the "Company") has
decided  to launch a share incentive program (the "Share Incentive Program") for
certain eligible employees of the Company and its subsidiaries.

The intention of the Share Incentive Program is to give employees an opportunity
to  buy  shares  in  the  Company  at  a discounted price. The shares offered to
employees  are existing  shares in  AKVA group  which have  been acquired in the
market  in accordance with a share buy-back program initiated by AKVA group, and
which are offered to employees under an exemption from the obligation to prepare
an  offering  prospectus  set  out  in  section  7-4 (1)  no. 9 of the Norwegian
Securities Trading Act. No prospectus will accordingly be prepared in connection
with the Share Incentive Program.

The  employees eligible  for participation  in the  Share Incentive Program must
confirm  their participation in the program  in the period commencing on 23 June
2017 and ending on 30 June 2017 at 12:00 hours CET. The shares will be allocated
to such employees in July 2017.



Overview  of  terms  and  conditions  for  participation  in the Share Incentive
Program:

  * The Share Incentive Program is limited to employees of the Company and its
    subsidiaries with permanent employment contracts at commencement of the
    Share Incentive Program  ("Eligible Employees")

  * The share price offered to Eligible Employees will be NOK 60,46, which is
    the average price the Company has paid for shares acquired up to 22 June
    2017 through the share buyback program initiated on 30 May 2017 (the "Share
    Buyback Program"), NOK 75,58 per share, minus a discount of 20 per cent

  * Eligible Employees will be able to buy shares for NOK 5 000, NOK 10 000, NOK
    20 000, NOK 30 000, NOK 40 000 or NOK 50 000.

  * There will be an option for Eligible Employees to pay for purchased shares
    through a one-time deduction in salary payment in August 2017 or by monthly
    deductions in salary over 6 months starting in July 2017

  * To the extent Eligible Employees choose to pay in monthly instalments
    through a deduction from the salary, participation in the Share Incentive
    Program will be limited to an amount less than or equal to 2 months of net
    salary payment (salary after tax) for such Eligible Employees. In the event
    Eligible Employees seize to be employed or are subject to time limited lay
    off without having settled all outstanding instalments, the remaining
    instalments will be deducted from the salary as part of the final wage
    settlement.

  * Eligible Employees participating in the Share Incentive Program will be
    responsible for and have to cover their own personal tax cost related to
    receiving discounted shares from their employer. The tax treatment on a
    personal level varies from country to country. Their employer may, depending
    on local law and regulations, have to implement payroll withholding on the
    benefit earned by Eligible Employees, as well as comply with any tax
    reporting requirements.

  * If the Company is not able to buy a sufficient number of shares in the
    market through the Share Buyback Program to deliver all shares ordered by
    Eligible Employees, then the number of shares allocated to participating
    Eligible Employees will be reduced on a pro rata basis. For illustrative
    purposes: if the Company is only able to buy 90 per cent of the required
    shares in the market, then each participating Eligible Employees will be
    allocated  only 90 per cent of the number of shares requested.



Timetable:

  * Eligible Employees must confirm their participation in the Share Incentive
    Program in the period commencing on 23 June 2017 and ending on 30 June 2017
    at 12:00 hours CET

  * Participating Eligible Employees will be notified regarding the amount of
    shares they will be allocated no later than 5 July 2017

  * Shares will be delivered to participating Eligible Employees in July 2017



Securities  represent a  speculative investment  and involves  a high  degree of
risk.  An investment in the Company's shares  is suitable only for investors who
understand  the risk factors associated with this type of investment and who can
afford  a  loss  of  all  or  part  of  the  investment.  Each Eligible Employee
contemplating   an  investment  in  the  Company's  shares  must  determine  the
suitability of that investment in light of its own circumstances. In particular,
each potential investor should, inter alia:

  * have sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of
    the Company's shares and the merits and risks of investing in the Company's
    shares;

  * have access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate,
    in the context of its particular financial situation, an investment in the
    Company's shares and the impact the Company's shares will have on its
    overall investment portfolio;

  * have sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks
    of an investment in the Company's shares;

  * be able to evaluate (either alone or with the help of a financial adviser)
    possible scenarios for economic and other factors that may affect its
    investment and its ability to bear the applicable risks.

Past performance of the shares is not an indication of future performance.



About AKVA group

AKVA  group  is  a  technology  and  service partner to the aquaculture industry
worldwide.  The company  has 842 employees,  offices in  9 countries and a total
turnover of NOK 1.6 billion in 2016. We are a public listed company operating in
one  of the world's fastest growing industries and supply everything from single
components  to  complete  installations,  both  for  cage farming and land based
aquaculture. AKVA group is recognized as a pioneer and technology leader through
more than 40 years. The Corporate Headquarter is in Bryne, Norway.

Date: 23. June 2017

AKVA group ASA



CONTACTS:

  Hallvard Muri   Chief Executive Officer

  Phone:          +47 51 77 85 00

  Mobile:         +47 91 58 07 50

  E-mail:         hmuri@akvagroup.com



  Simon Nyquist Martinsen   Chief Financial Officer

  Phone:                    +47 51 77 85 00

  Mobile:                   +47 91 63 00 42

  E-mail:                   snmartinsen@akvagroup.com


                            This information is subject to the disclosure
requirements pursuant to section 5 -12 of the Norwegian Securities Trading Act.


 
    