NOT FOR DISTRIBUTION OR RELEASE, DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY, IN OR INTO THE UNITED STATES OR ANY OTHER JURISDICTION IN WHICH THE DISTRIBUTION OR RELEASE WOULD BE UNLAWFUL

Reference is made to the approved fully underwritten rights issue (the "Rights issue") in Norwegian Air Shuttle ASA (the "Company"), where the subscription period commence today, 22 February 2019.

The following primary insiders, including their close associates, have subscribed for offer shares at a subscription price of NOK 33:

HBK Holding AS, 84.6% owned by Bjørn Kjos, Chief Executive Officer (through Nye Observatoriet Invest AS), and 9.1% owned by Bjørn Halvor Kise, Chairman of the Board (through Nye Brumm AS), has subscribed for 11,995,769 offer shares based on subscription rights granted. Following the issuance of the new shares in the Rights Issue, HBK Holding AS will own 23,200,578 shares in the Company, representing 17.1% of the shares.

Sneisungen AS, 49% owned by Bjørn Kjos, Chief Executive Officer, and 51% owned by Bjørn Halvor Kise, Chairman of the Board, has subscribed for 1,290,322 offer shares based on subscription rights granted. Following the issuance of the new shares in the Rights Issue, Sneisungen AS will own 1,935,483 shares in the Company, representing 1.4% of the shares.

Bjørn Kjos, Chief Executive Officer, has subscribed for 92,000 offer shares based on subscription rights granted to him. Following the issuance of the new shares in the Rights Issue, Bjørn Kjos and his close associates will own 25,274,061 shares in the Company (directly and through HBK Holding AS and Sneisungen AS), representing 18.5% of the shares.

Christian Fredrik Stray, Board Member, has subscribed for 428 offer shares based on subscription rights granted to him. Following the issuance of the new shares in the Rights Issue, Christian Fredrik Stray will own 642 shares in the Company.

Sondre Gravir, Board Member, has subscribed for 5,800 offer shares based on subscription rights granted to him. Following the issuance of the new shares in the Rights Issue, Sondre Gravir will own 8,700 shares in the Company.

Asgeir Nyseth, Chief Operating Officer, has subscribed for 10,368 offer shares based on subscription rights granted to him. Following the issuance of the new shares in the Rights Issue, Asgeir Nyseth will own 26,398 shares in the Company.

Helga Bollmann Leknes, Chief Commercial Officer, and her close associates have subscribed for 282 offer shares, of which 244 is based on subscription rights allocated and 38 is based on over-subscription. Following the issuance of the new shares in the Rights Issue, Helga Bollmann Leknes and her close associates will own at least 366 shares in the Company.

Brede Huser, Chief Sales and Marketing Officer, has subscribed for 8,232 offer shares based on subscription rights granted to him. Following the issuance of the new shares in the Rights Issue, Brede Huser will own 12,348 shares in the Company.

Anne-Sissel Skånvik, Chief Communications Officer, has today purchased 1,000 subscription rights at an average price of NOK 18.40 per subscription right.

Stine Klund, Investor Relations Officer, has subscribed for 462 offer shares based on subscription rights granted to her. Following the issuance of the new shares in the Rights Issue, Stine Klund will own 693 shares in the Company.

Lasse Sandaker-Nielsen, Senior Vice President Communications, has subscribed for 1,318 offer shares based on subscription rights granted to him. Following the issuance of the new shares in the Rights Issue, Lasse Sandaker-Nielsen will own 1,977 shares in the Company.

Katarina Finneng, Acting Chief Human Resources Officer, has subscribed for 1,092 offer shares based on subscription rights granted to her. Following the issuance of the new shares in the Rights Issue, Katarina Finneng will own 1,638 shares in the Company.


This information is subject to disclosure requirements pursuant to section 4-2 of the Norwegian Securities Trading Act.

This announcement may not be distributed or sent into the United States or any other jurisdiction in which such distribution would be unlawful or would require registration or other measures. These materials are not an offer for sale of securities in the United States or any other country. The securities referred to herein have not been registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "U.S. Securities Act"), and may not be sold in the United States absent registration or pursuant to an exemption from registration under the U.S. Securities Act. The Company does not intend to register any portion of the offering of the securities in the United States or to conduct a public offering of the securities in the United States.