


ASKER, NORWAY (7 May 2015) - The Annual General Meeting of TGS held on 6 May
2015 decided that each of the Directors, other than the Chairman, should receive
1,650 restricted shares in the Company on 7 May 2015 as part of their
compensation. One of the Directors is not permitted by own employer to own
shares in other companies. This Director will receive cash in lieu of the
restricted shares in an amount equal to the amount the other Directors will be
able to sell their restricted shares for at the closing share price on the first
day that a sale is permitted. The shares have been transferred to the Directors
today, 7 May 2015.

The attachment shows the number of restricted shares awarded on 7 May 2015 and
the total number of shares held by each of the Directors.

The Company has distributed the restricted shares to the Directors from its
balance of treasury shares. Following the transfer of restricted shares to the
Directors, TGS holds 1,911,862 of the issued shares as treasury shares.



Company summary

TGS-NOPEC Geophysical Company (TGS) provides multi-client geoscience data to oil
and gas Exploration and Production companies worldwide.  In addition to
extensive global geophysical and geological data libraries that include multi-
client seismic data, magnetic and gravity data, digital well logs, production
data and directional surveys, TGS also offers advanced processing and imaging
services, interpretation products, and data integration solutions.

For more information visit TGS online at www.tgs.com.


Forward-looking statements and contact information

All statements in this press release other than statements of historical fact
are forward-looking statements, which are subject to a number of risks,
uncertainties and assumptions that are difficult to predict, and are based upon
assumptions as to future events that may not prove accurate. These factors
include TGS' reliance on a cyclical industry and principal customers, TGS'
ability to continue to expand markets for licensing of data, and TGS' ability to
acquire and process data products at costs commensurate with profitability.
Actual results may differ materially from those expected or projected in the
forward-looking statements. TGS undertakes no responsibility or obligation to
update or alter forward-looking statements for any reason.

TGS-NOPEC Geophysical Company ASA is listed on the Oslo Stock Exchange
(OSLO:TGS).

TGS sponsored American Depositary Shares trade on the U.S. over-the-counter
market under the symbol "TGSGY".


For additional information about this press release please contact:

Kristian Johansen
COO/Interim CFO
Cell: +47 47 60 33 34
Email: kristian.johansen@tgs.com

Will Ashby
Director Finance Western Hemisphere & Investor Relations
Tel: +1 713 860 2184
Email: will.ashby@tgs.com

This information is subject of the disclosure requirements acc. to §5-12 vphl
(Norwegian Securities Trading Act)



[HUG#1919920] 
    