Trondheim,  9 July 2024: Reference is made to the stock exchange announcement by
NORBIT  ASA  ("NORBIT"  or  the  "Company")  (Euronext Oslo Børs trading symbol:
NORBT)  on 2 July 2024 (the "Announcement")  regarding the successful completion
of  a private placement raising gross  proceeds of approximately NOK 200 million
(the  "Private Placement") at a  price per share of  NOK 77 (the "Offer Price").
All  terms used in this notice shall have  the meaning ascribed to such terms in
the Announcement.

Reference is further made to the corrected stock exchange announcement published
on  3 July  2024 regarding,  inter  alia,  the  mandatory  notification of trade
relating  to the share  lending by Reitan  Kapital, a company closely associated
with   the  Company's  Board  member  Håkon  Kavli,  of  2,597,403 existing  and
unencumbered  shares  in  the  Company  to  the  Managers in connection with the
Private Placement.

Today,  following registration of  the share capital  increase pertaining to the
Private  Placement,  the  Managers  have  redelivered 2,597,403 shares to Reitan
Kapital  as settlement  of the  borrowed shares  described above. Please see the
enclosed form for further details about the transaction.

Following  aforementioned redelivery of the borrowed shares Reitan Kapital holds
6,086,781 shares  in the Company, representing approximately 9.69% of the issued
share capital and votes.

For further information, please contact:

Per Jørgen Weisethaunet, CEO, +47 959 62 915
Per Kristian Reppe, CFO, +47 900 33 203

ABOUT NORBIT ASA

NORBIT  is a  global provider  of tailored  technology to selected applications,
solving challenges and promoting sustainability through innovative solutions, in
line  with  its  mission  to  Explore  More.  The company is structured in three
business  segments to address its key  markets: Oceans, Connectivity and Product
Innovation  &  Realization.  The  Oceans  segment  delivers  tailored technology
solutions to global maritime markets. The Connectivity segment provides wireless
solutions  for identification, monitoring and tracking. The Product Innovation &
Realization  segment  offers  R&D  services,  proprietary products, and contract
manufacturing  to  key  customers.  NORBIT  is  headquartered  in Trondheim with
manufacturing  in Europe,  has around  500 employees, and  a worldwide sales and
distribution platform.

For more information: www.norbit.com (http://www.norbit.com)

This  information is  subject to  the disclosure  requirements in  Regulation EU
596/2014 (MAR)  article 19 number 3 and section 5-12 of the Norwegian Securities
Trading Act.