NOT FOR RELEASE, PUBLICATION OR DISTRIBUTION, IN WHOLE OR IN PART DIRECTLY OR
INDIRECTLY, IN AUSTRALIA, CANADA, JAPAN OR THE UNITED STATES OR ANY OTHER
JURISDICTION IN WHICH THE RELEASE, PUBLICATION OR DISTRIBUTION WOULD BE
UNLAWFUL.

(Oslo, 10 April 2019) Reference is made to the stock exchange announcement by
Nel ASA ("Nel" or the "Company") on 9 April 2019, regarding the end of the
subscription period in the subsequent offering of up to 12,500,000 new shares
(the "Offer Shares") (the "Subsequent Offering").

The subscription period in the Subsequent Offering expired on 9 April 2019, at
16:30 hours (CET). By the end of the subscription period, the Company had
received valid subscriptions for a total of 41,149,685 Offer Shares and the
Subsequent Offering has accordingly been oversubscribed. A total of 12,500,000
Offer Shares have today been allocated by the Company's board of directors in
accordance with the allocation criteria set out in the prospectus dated 29 March
2019.

Furthermore, the board of directors of Nel has today resolved, in accordance
with the authorization granted by the general meeting on 28 March 2019, to issue
12,500,000 new shares in the Company in connection with the Subsequent Offering.

Notifications of allocated Offer Shares in the Subsequent Offering and the
corresponding amount to be paid by each subscriber will be set out in a separate
letter to each subscriber to whom Offer Shares have been allotted. The
allocation letters are expected to be sent today. The due date for payment of
allocated Offer Shares is 12 April 2019.

Subject to timely payment of the entire subscription amount in the Subsequent
Offering, the Company expects that the share capital increase pertaining to the
Subsequent Offering will be registered with the Norwegian Register of Business
Enterprises on or about 17 April 2019 and that the Offer Shares will be
delivered to the VPS accounts of the subscribers to whom they are allocated on
or about 23 April 2019. The Offer Shares will be tradable immediately after the
registration of the share capital with the Norwegian Register of Business
Enterprises.

Following the issuance of the Offer Shares, the issued share capital of the
Company will be NOK 242,889,761.20, divided into 1,214,448,806 shares, each with
a par value of NOK 0.20

The following primary insiders (or related parties thereof) of the Company have
been allocated shares in the Subsequent Offering:

- Hanne Skaarberg Holen, Chair of the Board, has been allocated 4,000 Offer
Shares, and will following issuance hold 268,966 shares in the Company.

- Ole Enger, member of the Board, has been allocated 4,507 Offer Shares, and
will following issuance hold 149,462 shares in the Company.

Carnegie AS, SpareBank 1 Markets AS and Norne Securities act as managers in the
Subsequent Offering (the "Managers"). Advokatfirmaet Thommessen AS acts as
Norwegian legal counsel.

ENDS

For additional information, please contact:

Bent Skisaker, CFO, +47 468 21 693

About Nel ASA | www.nelhydrogen.com

Nel Hydrogen is a global, dedicated hydrogen company, delivering optimal
solutions to produce, store and distribute hydrogen from renewable energy. We
serve industries, energy and gas companies with leading hydrogen technology.
Since its origins in 1927, Nel has a proud history of development and continual
improvement of hydrogen plants. Our hydrogen solutions cover the entire value
chain from hydrogen production technologies to manufacturing of hydrogen fueling
stations, providing all fuel cell electric vehicles with the same fast fueling
and long range as conventional vehicles today.

IMPORTANT INFORMATION

The release is not for publication or distribution, in whole or in part directly
or indirectly, in or into Australia, Canada, Japan or the United States
(including its territories and possessions, any state of the United States and
the District of Columbia).

This release is an announcement issued pursuant to legal information
obligations, and is subject of the disclosure requirements pursuant to section 5
-12 of the Norwegian Securities Trading Act. It is issued for information
purposes only, and does not constitute or form part of any offer or solicitation
to purchase or subscribe for securities, in the United States or in any other
jurisdiction. The securities mentioned herein have not been, and will not be,
registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the
"Securities Act"). The securities may not be offered or sold in the United
States except pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of the
Securities Act. The Company does not intend to register any portion of the
offering of the securities in the United States or to conduct a public offering
of the securities in the United States. Copies of this announcement are not
being made and may not be distributed or sent into Australia, Canada, Japan or
the United States. The issue, exercise, purchase or sale of subscription rights
and the subscription or purchase of shares in the Company are subject to
specific legal or regulatory restrictions in certain jurisdictions. Neither the
Company nor the Managers assume any responsibility in the event there is a
violation by any person of such restrictions.

The distribution of this release may in certain jurisdictions be restricted by
law. Persons into whose possession this release comes should inform themselves
about and observe any such restrictions. Any failure to comply with these
restrictions may constitute a violation of the securities laws of any such
jurisdiction. Carnegie is acting for the Company and no one else in connection
with the Private Placement and will not be responsible to anyone other than the
Company for providing the protections afforded to their respective clients or
for providing advice in relation to the Private Placement and/or any other
matter referred to in this release.

***