On 20 December, 2022, Kees Kloet, Chief Technology Officer and primary insider at The Kingfish Company, has sold 700,000 shares at a price of NOK 10.0 per share, with the intention to raise liquidity to be able to participate in the Subsequent Offering. The sale is carried out bilaterally to a single buyer in order for the primary insider to purchase shares in the repair offering. 

On 28 September 2022, the company announced to carry out a subsequent share offering of approx. EUR 15.3 million, fully underwritten by the Investors. The subscription period of the Subsequent Offering will likely start in the beginning of January 2023. 

Following the transaction, Kees Kloet holds 650,000 shares through his investment vehicle C.J. Kloet Beheer B.V. 

Please see the enclosed form for further details about the transaction. 

For inquiries, please contact:.
ir@the-kingfish-company.com


About The Kingfish Company

The Kingfish Company is a pioneer and leader in sustainable land-based aquaculture.  Current annual production capacity at its Kingfish Zeeland facility in the Netherlands is 1,500 tons of high quality and high value Yellowtail Kingfish.

Expansion is underway and capacity in the Netherlands will reach 3,500 tons at the start of 2023. Kingfish Maine is now fully permitted by local, state and federal regulatory agencies.

Production is based on advanced recirculating aquaculture systems (RAS), which protect biodiversity and ensure biosecurity. Animal welfare is paramount, and the fish is grown without use of antibiotics and vaccines. Operations run on 100 percent renewable energy, sourced from wind, solar and biogas. The company’s facilities operate on sea water, avoiding wasting of precious fresh water.

The Kingfish Company’s main product at present, the Yellowtail Kingfish (also known as Ricciola/Hiramasa/Greater Amberjack) is a highly versatile premium fish species, well known in the Italian and Asian fusion cuisines.

Its products are certified and approved as sustainable and environmentally friendly by Aquaculture Stewardship Council (ASC), Best Aquaculture Practices (BAP) and British Retail Consortium (BRC). It was the winner of the 2019 Seafood Excellence Award, and it is recommended as green choice by Good Fish Foundation.

This information is published in accordance with the disclosure requirements in Regulation EU 596/2014 (MAR) article 19 number 3, section 5-12 of the Norwegian
Securities Trading Act, and the Oslo Rule Book II.