Trondheim,  19 August 2025: Reference is made to the stock exchange notice dated
4 July  2023 where the Board of Directors  of NORBIT ASA (the 'Company') decided
to  approve incentive share purchase programs  for all eligible employees in the
NORBIT group of companies.

Under  the share  matching program,  employees were  offered the  opportunity to
acquire  shares  at  market  value,  and  in  turn,  obtain  a  right to receive
compensation  in new shares equivalent to  their invested amount after 24 months
if  certain conditions were met. Under said  program, the Board of Directors has
decided to award a total of 35,075 shares to eligible employees who participated
in  the share matching program in 2023. The shares will be delivered in the form
of  existing shares currently held by the Company as treasury shares, and no new
shares will be issued as part of the transactions.

Following  completion of  the above-mentioned  transaction, the relevant primary
insiders  together with their related parties, will hold the following number of
shares in the Company:

Peter Eriksen, Business Unit Director Oceans: 870,245 shares
Julie Dahl Benum, Director of Strategy and ESG: 13,077 shares
Sture Ingdal, Finance Director: 8,490 shares
Arild Søraunet, Group Chief Technical Officer: 712,011 shares
Asbjørn Dahl, Commercial Director Connectivity & PIR: 14,997 shares
Astrid Stevik: Group Chief Operating Officer: 3,097 shares

For further details on shares awarded to primary insiders of the Company, please
see the attached forms.

For more information, please contact:
Per Jørgen Weisethaunet, CEO, +47 959 62 915
Per Kristian Reppe, CFO, +47 900 33 203

About NORBIT ASA

NORBIT  is a  global provider  of tailored  technology to selected applications,
solving challenges and promoting sustainability through innovative solutions, in
line  with  its  mission  to  Explore  More.  The company is structured in three
business  segments to address its key  markets: Oceans, Connectivity and Product
Innovation  &  Realization.  The  Oceans  segment  delivers  tailored technology
solutions to global maritime markets. The Connectivity segment provides wireless
solutions  for identification, monitoring and tracking. The Product Innovation &
Realization  segment  offers  R&D  services,  proprietary products, and contract
manufacturing  to  key  customers.  NORBIT  is  headquartered  in Trondheim with
manufacturing  in  Europe  and  North  America,  has around 600 employees, and a
worldwide sales and distribution platform.

For more information: www.norbit.com

This  information is subject to the  disclosure requirements pursuant to Section
5-12 the Norwegian Securities Trading Act.
