Reference is made to the extraordinary general meeting of LINK Mobility Group Holding ASA (LINK) held on 12 July 2022. The extraordinary general meeting resolved that the chairperson and primary insider of LINK, André Christensen, can be granted 2,000,000 share options (the “COB Options”). Christensen has been granted 2,000,000 COB Options. Christensen and LINK has entered into a binding agreement setting out the terms of the COB Options. The COB Options are granted free of charge. 

Each option, when exercised, carries the right to acquire one LINK share, giving the right to acquire up to in aggregate 2,000,000 shares. The exercise price for the COB Options is NOK 11.70, which is based on the volume weighted average trading price (VWAP) of LINK’s shares on the Oslo Stock Exchange during the last 10 trading days before the extraordinary general meeting on 12 July 2022. 

The COB Options shall vest on the date 24 months after the day of grant and the vested COB Options may be exercised during a period of 7 years from the day of grant. Vesting of the COB Options is subject to the chairperson not having withdrawn from his position as chairperson of LINK.

Primary insider notification pursuant to the EU Market Abuse Regulation Article 19 is attached.


For further information, please contact 

Tom Rogn, VP Investor Relations
+47 94 85 56 59
tom.rogn@linkmobility.com


About LINK Mobility 

LINK is an award-winning, leading global provider of mobile messaging and communications platform as a service (CPaaS) solutions for increased engagement. The company serves enterprise, SME, and government customers. LINK offers a wide range of innovative and scalable mobile solutions, creating valuable digital convergence between businesses and customers, governments and citizens, platforms and users. LINK has 47,700 customer accounts globally and exchanges 15 billion messages a year. LINK is listed on the Oslo Stock Exchange under the ticker LINK. For more information about LINK, please see www.linkmobility.com and follow LINK Mobility on LinkedIn

This information is subject to the disclosure requirements pursuant to Section 5-12 of the Norwegian Securities Trading Act, EU Market Abuse Regulation Article 19 and Oslo Rulebook II.