Heno Holding AS, a legal person closely associated Henriette Nordstrand,
technical director in Salmon Evolution ASA, has on 11 January 2024 purchased
17,151 shares in Salmon Evolution ASA at a price of NOK 6.88 per share. After
the transaction Heno Holding AS holds 50,000 shares in Salmon Evolution ASA.

Please find attached Primary insider notification pursuant to the Market Abuse
Regulation article 19.

For further information, contact:

Trond Vadset Veibust
CFO, Salmon Evolution
+47 480 90 595

About Salmon Evolution

Salmon Evolution is a Norwegian land-based salmon farming company targeting a
production capacity of 100,000 tonnes HOG by 2032. The Company's core focus is
on extending the ocean's potential by transferring the best preconditions
offered by the sea to farm fish on land through its chosen hybrid flow-through
system technology (HFS). This secures a truly sustainable production process
with controlled and optimal growth conditions and limiting operational and
biological risk.

The Company's first production facility is strategically located at Indre Harøy
on the Norwegian west coast with unlimited access to fresh seawater, renewable
energy, established infrastructure, and an educated and experienced work force.
Phase 1 is already in operation and will have an annual capacity of 7,900 tonnes
HOG at steady state. Fully developed, the Indre Harøy facility will have an
annual capacity of 31,500 tonnes HOG.

The Company has also entered into a joint venture with Dongwon Industries where
the parties will develop, construct and operate a land-based salmon farming
facility in South Korea with an annual production capacity of 16,800 tonnes HOG,
using Salmon Evolution's chosen HFS technology.

Furthermore, Salmon Evolution has initiated a process with the aim of
establishing a land-based salmon farming operation in North America.

Salmon Evolution ASA is listed on Oslo Børs under the ticker SALME.

To learn more, please visit www.salmonevolution.no

This information is subject to the disclosure requirements pursuant to
Regulation EU 596/2014 (MAR) article 19 number 3 and the Norwegian Securities
Trading Act section 5-12