Oslo, 30 June 2023: Abry Partners, being the largest shareholder in LINK Mobility Group Holding ASA ("LINK Mobility") through its majority ownership in Victory Partners VIII Limited ("Victory Partners"), has offered its four co-investors in Victory Partners to have their pro rata number of shares held indirectly in LINK Mobility through Victory Partners transferred to such co-investor from Victory Partners to be held and managed directly by the respective co-investor. One of the co-investors has taken such offer and Victory Partners has therefore initiated the transfer of 8,071,547 shares in LINK Mobility to such co-investor.

Abry Partner's indirect ownership of 61,326,133 shares in LINK Mobility remains unchanged. 

"We remain long-term investors in LINK Mobility and see significant value creation from organic growth in digital messaging and continued profit growth from executing on the company’s business plan", says Rob Nicewicz, Partner, at Abry Partners.

Victory Partners is a close associate of Robert Joseph Nicewicz Jr, a board member in LINK Mobility, and a primary insider notification pursuant to the EU Market Abuse Regulation Article 19 is attached.


For further information, please contact

Tom Rogn, VP Investor Relations 
+47 94 85 56 59 
tom.rogn@linkmobility.com 


About LINK Mobility 

LINK is an award-winning, leading global provider of mobile messaging and communications platform as a service (CPaaS) solutions for increased engagement. The company serves enterprise, SME, and government customers. LINK offers a wide range of innovative and scalable mobile solutions, creating valuable digital convergence between businesses and customers, governments and citizens, platforms and users. LINK has 51,000 active customer accounts globally and exchanges 17 billion messages a year. LINK is listed on the Oslo Stock Exchange under the ticker LINK. For more information about LINK, please see www.linkmobility.com and follow LINK Mobility on LinkedIn.

This information is subject to the disclosure requirements pursuant to Section 5-12 of the Norwegian Securities Trading Act, EU Market Abuse Regulation Article 19 and Oslo Rulebook II.