Oslo, 22 July 2024

We are thrilled to announce a significant development at Uniscale, a wholly-owned subsidiary of CodeLab Capital. Uniscale has experienced increasing demand from enterprise customers and the opportunities within partnership models are becoming more and more realistic. Uniscle is therefore proud to announce Peter Tuborgh Arnth Nielsen as the new Head of Enterprise and Partnerships, effective immediately. His role will be crucial in ensuring the growth and development of these strategically important areas of the business.

Kristian Ikast, CEO and Board Member, stated, "We are delighted to welcome Peter to the Uniscale family, especially following our recent successful private placement. Peter brings extensive experience in building long-term partnerships with international enterprises and large customers. His appointment marks the beginning of our pursuit of these strategically vital business segments."

Peter strongly believes in the future success of Uniscale and has therefore acquired 16,821,551 shares in CodeLab Capital AS from the main shareholder, Codee Holding AS, wholly owned by Jesper Melin (chairman of the board). The agreed price per share is NOK 0.30. Following the transaction Jesper Melin Ganc-Petersen and related parties hold 28.286.874 shares in the Company, corresponding to 13,88% of the outstanding shares. Adjusting for the effects of the previously mentioned share issue, Jesper Melin Ganc-Petersen and related parties will still have ownership of CodeLab Capital of above 50%.
  
Peter Tuborgh Nielsen expressed, "I am excited to join Uniscale at such a pivotal time, with a product that has immense global potential and a real opportunity to transform how companies develop and deliver software. I look forward to meeting the team and partners we are already in dialogue with, as well as introducing future partners to Uniscale's potential."

This appointment signifies a major step forward in the commercial efforts, allowing Uniscale to expand beyond the original geographies and focus segments. We can now dedicate more time to ensuring a smooth onboarding process for blue-chip enterprise customers and other partners, which could result in a substantial number of paying licenses over time.

For further information, please contact:

CEO Kristian Ikast: ki@codelabcapital.com
CFO Christoffer Mathiesen: cm@codelabcapital.com