Press release dated 2015-12-28
Reference is made to the stock exchange announcement dated 14 December 2015 by
Nickel Mountain Group AB (publ.) ("Nickel Mountain Group" or the "Company",
ticker "NMG") regarding the result in the subsequent repair offering (the
"Repair Offering").

The Company has received confirmation that the share capital increase of SEK
30,000,000 divided into 60,000,000 shares (the "Repair Shares") has been
registered by the Swedish Companies Registry. The Repair Offering has hence been
completed. The new registered share capital of Nickel Mountain Group is SEK
298,307,180 divided into 596,614,360 shares, each with a par value of SEK 0.50.

The Company will issue a stock exchange notification once the Repair Shares are
tradable on the Oslo Stock Exchange, expected to be on or about 30 December,
2015.

For and on behalf of the Board of Directors of Nickel Mountain Group AB

Torbjorn Ranta

For information, please contact Torbjorn Ranta

Mail: torbjorn.ranta@nickelmountain.se

Tel: + 46 8 402 28 00

Cell Phone: +46 708 855504

www.nickelmountain.se

Cautionary Statement: Statements and assumptions made in this document with
respect to Nickel Mountain Group AB's ("NMG") current plans, estimates,
strategies and beliefs, and other statements that are not historical facts, are
forward-looking statements about the future performance of NMG. Forward-looking
statements include, but are not limited to, those using words such as "may",
"might", "seeks", "expects", "anticipates", "estimates", "believes", "projects",
"plans", strategy", "forecast" and similar expressions. These statements reflect
management's expectations and assumptions in light of currently available
information. They are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, including,
but not limited to, (i) changes in the economic, regulatory and political
environments in the countries where NMG operates; (ii) changes relating to the
geological information available in respect of the various projects undertaken;
(iii) NMG's continued ability to secure enough financing to carry on its
operations as a going concern; (iv) the success of its potential joint ventures
and alliances, if any; (v) metal prices, particularly as regards nickel. In the
light of the many risks and uncertainties surrounding any mineral project at an
early stage of its development, the actual results could differ materially from
those presented and forecast in this document. NMG assumes no unconditional
obligation to immediately update any such statements and/or forecasts.

