Reference is made to previous stock exchange announcements from poLight ASA
("poLight" or the "Company") regarding a partially underwritten rights issue of
new shares (the "Offer Shares"), to raise gross proceeds of up to NOK 160
million (the "Rights Issue"), of which an underwriting consortium has agreed to
underwrite subscription of new shares for gross proceeds of NOK 130 million.

The following members of the Company's executive management has today subscribed
for Offer Shares in the Rights Issue:

- Øyvind Isaksen, Chief Executive Officer, has, through his wholly-owned company
Oimacon AS, subscribed for 162,442 Offer Shares at the subscription price of NOK
2.3085 per Offer Share;

- Alf Henning Bekkevik, Chief Financial Officer, has subscribed for 40,000 Offer
Shares at the subscription price of NOK 2.3085 per Offer Share;

- Pierre Craen, Chief Technology Officer, has subscribed for 10,000 Offer Shares
at the subscription price of NOK 2.3085 per Offer Share; and

- Marianne Sandal, Chief Operating Officer, has subscribed for 17,428 Offer
Shares at the subscription price of NOK 2.3085 per Offer Share.

Further information about the transactions is available in the attached
notification forms.

Additional information will be given following allocation of Offer Shares if the
allocated number of Offer Shares deviates from the figures set out above.

Further information from:

Dr. Øyvind Isaksen, CEO, poLight ASA: +47 90 87 63 98

About poLight ASA

poLight ASA (OSE: PLT) offers patented, state-of-the-art tunable optics
technology, leveraging its proprietary polymer and piezo MEMS technology.
Founded in 2005, its first product TLens® replicates "the human eye" experience
in autofocus cameras used in applications such as AR/MR devices, smartphones,
wearables, webcams and other consumer devices, industrial barcode scanners and
machine vision systems, and healthcare applications. With over 160 granted
patents, poLight's technology delivers extremely fast focus, small
footprint, ultra-low power consumption, no magnetic interference, and constant
field of view, enabling better imaging system performance and new user
experiences compared to alternative technologies.  poLight is based in Horten,
Norway, with employees in Finland, France, UK, US, China, Taiwan, and the
Philippines. For more information, please visit https://www.polight.com.