Reference is made to the stock exchange announcement on 17 June 2025 regarding the satisfaction of the minimum acceptance condition for the unregulated recommended voluntary cash offer to acquire all shares in Vow Green Metals AS (the "Company") at an offer price of NOK 0.95 per share (the "Offer"). 

The following persons discharging managerial responsibilities in the Company and their close associates have accepted the Offer for its shares in the Company, as further specified below:

R Investment Company AS, a legal person closely associated with the chairperson of the board of directors, Narve Reiten, has accepted the Offer for 22,849,307 shares.

Kari Stine Tærum, member of the board of directors, has accepted the Offer for 179,000 shares.

Please see the notification forms for the above-mentioned transactions attached to this release.

Contacts
For further information, please contact:

Cecilie Jonassen, CEO, Vow Green Metals AS, + 47 954 20 126, cecilie.jonassen@vowgreenmetals.com

Jan Halvard Aas Møller, CFO, Vow Green Metals AS, + 47 901 15 375, jan.moller@vowgreenmetals.com

About Vow Green Metals

Vow Green Metals’ strategy is to be a leading producer of biocarbon and other carbon-neutral products that enable the green transition in hard-to-abate industries. We are on a mission to accelerate the world’s transition to renewable materials by offering green alternatives to replace fossil-reduction agents in the metallurgical industry. The core of our business is to build, own and operate biocarbon production plants using state-of-the-art pyrolysis technology to turn biomass and biomass waste streams into our core product, biocarbon. Our biocarbon production process also creates other valuable products like bio-oil and bioenergy. With our standardized solutions, unique access to proprietary technology, and a growing global pipeline of projects, we are upholding our first-mover position in a growing market where speed and scale will be determining factors. Vow Green Metals is building a new biocarbon industry on the shoulders of its largest shareholder and technology partner, Vow ASA, which provides access to competence and capabilities acquired through decades of industrial innovation. Read more: www.vowgreenmetals.com 

This  information is subject to the  disclosure requirements pursuant to article 19 of the EU Market Abuse Regulation and sections 4-2 and 5-12 of the Norwegian Securities Trading Act