Sandnes, Norway 5 December 2024: The Board of Directors of Desert Control AS has
resolved an option grant to the Company's Executive Chair, Lars R. Eismark, and
the Company's CEO, Ole Kristian Sivertsen.

A total of 2,250,000 share options, equal to 4.2% of the total shares issued in
the Company have been granted with 1,500,000 and 750,000 options to Mr. Eismark
and Mr. Sivertsen respectively. The options will have a three-year vesting
period, with initial vesting on the first anniversary of the option grant.
Vesting is conditional on the option holder remaining engaged by the Company.
For Mr. Eismark, the vesting of options is subject to continuing the position of
Executive Chairman.

Subject to vesting, each option provides the option holder a right to subscribe
or acquire one share in Desert Control AS at a strike price of NOK 5. The strike
price is equal to the closing price for the Company's shares on Euronext Growth
Oslo on 4 December 2024, which is the date of the grant.

The option grant supports the company's transition and commitment to
accelerating the development of its LNC technology, improving soil health,
conserving natural resources, and creating long-term value through advanced R&D.
The company's ambitions assume the services of highly competent key personnel
and that Desert Control can provide attractive terms. With the option grant, the
executive personnel will align their interests with shareholders to fuel further
efforts toward sustainable growth and position the Company as a leader to
deliver innovative, economical solutions to address global environmental
challenges.

The option agreements set out further terms and conditions for the grant,
including in case of termination of employment and cancellation of non-exercised
options in case of breach of contract or bad leaver situations, accelerated
vesting with respect to any change of control, adjustment events, and other
customary provisions for such agreements.

Primary insider notifications pursuant to the market abuse regulation article 19
are attached.

For more information, please contact:

Ole Kristian Sivertsen
Chief Executive Officer
Email: oks@desertcontrol.com
Mobile (NOR): +47 957 77 777
Mobile (USA): +1 650 643 6136
Mobile (UAE): +971 52 521 7049

Leonard Chaparian
Chief Financial Officer

Email: leonard.chaparian@desertcontrol.com
Mobile (NOR): +47 90 66 55 40

About Desert Control

Desert Control develops innovative solutions to enhance soil health, conserve
water, and promote ecosystem resilience. The company's mission is to combat
desertification, soil degradation, and water scarcity. Our patented Liquid
Natural Clay (LNC) transforms sandy, fast-draining soils to retain water and
nutrients, improving soil health, crop yields, and ecosystem vitality while
conserving water. Desert Control provides customized solutions to strengthen
sustainability, profitability, and prosperity for agriculture, forests, and
green landscapes. In collaboration with partners and clients, we aim to preserve
natural resources, restore biodiversity, enhance food security, and ensure a
climate-resilient future.

For more information, visit https://www.desertcontrol.com

This information is subject to the disclosure requirements pursuant to the
market abuse regulation article 19 and 5-12 of the Norwegian Securities Trading
Act.


