Oslo, 8 October 2025: Reference is made to the stock exchange announcements published by NEXT Biometrics Group ASA (the "Company") on 16 September 2025 regarding the successful private placement to raise gross proceeds of approximately NOK 20 million (the "Private Placement"), and the allocation of new shares, including an equal amount of warrants, to certain primary insiders and certain close associates of primary insiders of the Company.

The following primary insiders and their close associates have today subscribed for the new shares allocated in the Private Placement, including the equal amount of warrants:
-	Ulf Ritsvall, CEO of the Company, has subscribed for 50,000 new shares. Following the delivery of the shares, Ulf Ritsvall holds 67,000 shares in the Company, equal to 0.06%.
-	Eirik Underthun, CFO of the Company, has subscribed for 24,000 new shares. Following the delivery of the shares, Eirik Underthun holds 143,000 shares in the Company, equal to 0.12%.
-	Virkelyst AS, close associate to Hans Henrik Klouman, Chair of the board of directors, has subscribed for 18,059 new shares. Following the delivery of the shares, Hans Henrik Klouman holds 93,059 shares in the Company, equal to 0.08%, through Virkelyst AS.
-	Siri Gomnæs Børsum, board member, has subscribed for 9,412 new shares. Following the delivery of the shares, Siri Gomnæs Børsum holds 9,412 shares in the Company, equal to 0.01%.

Please see the attached forms for further details. The primary insiders and their close associates that have subscribed for new shares in the Private Placement have undertaken a six-month lock-up on customary terms and conditions. The lock-up applies to the shares subscribed by them in the Private Placement.

This information is subject to the disclosure requirements pursuant to article 19 of the EU Market Abuse Regulation and section 5-12 of the Norwegian Securities Trading Act.

For further information, please contact:
Ulf Ritsvall, CEO
Email: ulf.ritsvall@nextbiometrics.com
Eirik Underthun, CFO
Email: eirik.underthun@nextbiometrics.com 

About NEXT Biometrics:
NEXT Biometrics is a pioneer of high-security biometric authentication, enabling users to live simpler, safer lives. 

NEXT Biometrics was founded on the belief that strong authentication and identification can be secure, seamless and cost effective for governments and businesses with Active Thermal® technology. More than 25 years later, NEXT has retained its Norwegian heritage and grown to serve customers globally. 

Today, our solutions are used by billions of users each year across 10+ national ID and local programs, 150.000+ POS terminals, 25+ laptop and tablet models from tier-1 OEMs, and physical and logical access control implementations. Through state-of-the-art technology, deep industry expertise and close collaboration with partners for seamless integration, Active Thermal® biometrics can make life simpler and safer for everyone.

For more information, visit NEXT Biometrics, read our blog and follow us on LinkedIn. NEXT Biometrics is listed on Euronext (NEXT.OL).