AXA - Contemplated private placement

NOT FOR RELEASE, PUBLICATION OR DISTRIBUTION, IN WHOLE OR IN PART DIRECTLY OR
INDIRECTLY, IN AUSTRALIA, CANADA, JAPAN OR THE
UNITED STATES

Axactor AB (the "Company") has retained Carnegie and DNB Markets (the
"Managers") to advise on and effect an undocumented private placement of new
shares directed towards Norwegian and international investors after the close of
Oslo Stock Exchange today (the "Private Placement").

In the Private Placement, the Company is offering up to 59.6 million new shares,
representing up to approximately 10% of the outstanding capital of the Company.
The price in the Private Placement will be determined through an accelerated
bookbuilding process. The minimum subscription in the Private Placement has been
set to the number of shares that equals an aggregate purchase price of the
NOK 1 million. The Company has received significant pre-commitments from large
existing shareholders, including Strata Marine & Offshore AS, as well as new
institutional investors to subscribe for shares in the Private Placement.

The net proceeds from the Private Placement will be used for acquisitions of non
-performing loan portfolios and platforms as well as for general corporate
purposes.

The bookbuilding period for the Private Placement opens today at 16:30 CET and
closes 17 February 2016 at 08:00 CET. The Managers may, however, at any time
resolve to close or extend the bookbuilding period at its sole discretion and on
short notice.

The new shares to be issued in connection with the Private Placement will be
issued based on the board authorisation granted by the Company's extraordinary
general meeting on 23 December 2015. The waiver of the preferential rights
inherent in a private placement is considered necessary in the interest of time
and successful completion.

The shares allocated in the Private Placement are expected to be settled through
a delivery versus payment transaction on a regular t+2 basis by delivery of
existing and unencumbered shares in the Company that are already listed on the
Oslo Stock Exchange pursuant to a share lending agreement to be entered into
between the Company, the Managers and certain large existing shareholders. The
shares delivered to the subscribers are thus expected to be tradable from
allocation.

For further information, please contact:

Endre Rangnes

Chief Executive Officer

Mail: endre.rangnes@axactor.com

Tel: + 46 8 402 28 00

Cell Phone: +47 48 22 11 11

Geir Johansen

Chief Financial Officer

Mail: geir.johansen@axactor.com

Cell Phone: +47 477 10 451

Cautionary Statement: Statements and assumptions made in this document with
respect to Axactor AB's ("Axactor") current plans, estimates, strategies and
beliefs, and other statements that are not historical facts, are forward-looking
statements about the future performance of Axactor. Forward-looking statements
include, but are not limited to, those using words such as "may", "might",
"seeks", "expects", "anticipates", "estimates", "believes", "projects", "plans",
strategy", "forecast" and similar expressions. These statements reflect
management's expectations and assumptions in light of currently available
information. They are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, including,
but not limited to, (i) changes in the economic, regulatory and political
environments in the countries where Axactor operates; (ii) changes relating to
the statistic information available in respect of the various debt collection
projects undertaken; (iii) Axactor's continued ability to secure enough
financing to carry on its operations as a going concern; (iv) the success of its
potential partners, ventures and alliances, if any; (v) currency exchange rate
fluctuations between the SEK and the currencies in other countries where Axactor
or its subsidiaries operate. In the light of the risks and uncertainties
involved in the debt collection business, the actual results could differ
materially from those presented and forecast in this document. Axactor assumes
no unconditional obligation to immediately update any such statements and/or
forecasts.

