Oslo, Norway (9 September 2024) - In February 2019, TGS implemented an
Employee Share Purchase Plan (ESPP) pursuant to which eligible employees can
purchase TGS common shares at a discount through payroll deductions. The ESPP
operates in six-month periods, and at the end of each period, employees in
eligible jurisdictions (United States, United Kingdom and Canada) have the
option to purchase stock at a 15% discount to the market price at the time of
purchase.  The plan sets a maximum purchase of shares per employee per six-month
period and ESPP dividends are reinvested in shares.

The following primary insiders received shares from the ESPP purchase on
September 5, 2024, as participants in the ESPP.  The schedule attached reflects
the holdings of the primary insiders following the ESPP purchase.

---- Kristian Johansen - 100 shares

---- Tana Pool - 100 shares

---- Whitney Eaton - 100 shares

About TGS
TGS provides advanced data and intelligence to companies active in the energy
sector. With leading-edge technology and solutions spanning the entire energy
value chain, TGS offers a comprehensive range of insights to help clients make
better decisions. Our broad range of products and advanced data technologies,
coupled with a global, extensive and diverse energy data library, make TGS a
trusted partner in supporting the exploration and production of energy resources
worldwide. For further information, please visit www.tgs.com.

Forward Looking Statement
All statements in this press release other than statements of historical fact
are forward-looking statements, which are subject to a number of risks,
uncertainties and assumptions that are difficult to predict and are based upon
assumptions as to future events that may not prove accurate. These factors
include volatile market conditions, investment opportunities in new and existing
markets, demand for licensing of data within the energy industry, operational
challenges, and reliance on a cyclical industry and principal customers. Actual
results may differ materially from those expected or projected in the forward-
looking statements. TGS undertakes no responsibility or obligation to update or
alter forward-looking statements for any reason.

For more information, visit TGS.com (http://www.tgs.com) or contact:

Bård Stenberg
VP IR & Communication
investor@tgs.com