March 20, 2025

ZENITH ENERGY LTD.

("Zenith" or the "Company")

Director/ PDMR Shareholding

Zenith Energy Ltd. ("Zenith" or the "Company") (LSE: ZEN; OSE: ZENA; OTC PINK: ZENAF), the listed international energy production and development company, is pleased to announce that its Chief Executive Officer & President, Mr. Andrea Cattaneo, has advised the Company that he has purchased a total of 300,000 common shares of no par value ("Common Shares") in the capital of the Company at a total average price of £0.0798. 

Following the aforementioned dealings, Mr. Cattaneo is directly beneficially interested in a total of 49,804,584 Common Shares in the capital of the Company, representing 10.67 per cent of the total issued and outstanding common share capital of the Company. 
 
 Further Information:

Zenith Energy Ltd
Andrea Cattaneo, Chief Executive Officer	 
 Tel: +1 (587) 315 1279
 E:        info@zenithenergy.ca

 
Notes to Editors:

Zenith Energy Ltd. is a revenue generating, independent energy company with energy production, exploration and development assets in North Africa, the US and Europe. The Company is listed on the London Stock Exchange Main Market (LSE: ZEN), the Euronext Growth of the Oslo Stock Exchange (OSE: ZENA) and the Pink Markets of the OTC (OTC PINK: ZENAF).

Zenith's strategic focus is on pursuing development opportunities through the development of proven revenue generating energy production assets, as well as low-risk exploration activities in assets with existing production.
 
For more information, please visit: www.zenithenergy.ca
Twitter: @zenithenergyltd
LinkedIn: https://bit.ly/3A5PRJb




Market Abuse Regulation (MAR) Disclosure 
The information included in this announcement is defined as inside information pursuant to MAR article 7 and is publicly disclosed in accordance with MAR article 17 and section 5 -12 of the Norwegian Securities Trading Act. The announcement is made by the contact person. 
NOTIFICATION AND PUBLIC DISCLOSURE OF TRANSACTIONS BY PERSONS DISCHARGING MANAGERIAL RESPONSIBILITIES AND PERSONS CLOSELY ASSOCIATED WITH THEM 
 
1	Details of the person discharging managerial responsibilities / person closely associated
a)	Name	Andrea Cattaneo
2	Reason for the notification
a)	Position/status	Chief Executive Officer & President 
 
b)	Initial notification/Amendment	Initial Notification
3	Details of the issuer, emission allowance market participant, auction platform, auctioneer or auction monitor
a)	Name	Zenith Energy Ltd.
b)	LEI	213800AYTYOYD61S4569  
4	Details of the transaction(s): section to be repeated for (i) each type of instrument; (ii) each type of transaction; (iii) each date; and (iv) each place where transactions have been conducted
a)	Description of the financial instrument, type of instrument	Common Shares
 	Identification code	CA98936C8584
b)	Nature of the transaction	Purchase of Common Shares
c)	Price(s) and volumes(s)	Price(s)	Volume(s)
		£0.0798	300,000
d)	Aggregated information	 
 	Aggregated volume	 
 	Aggregated price	 
e)	Date of the transaction(s)	 March 19, 2025
f)	Place of the transaction	London Stock Exchange 
 
 

