Reference is made to the stock exchange announcements from 
Bergen Group ASA (the "Company") dated 3 April 2017 
regarding the formal issuance of a convertible loan in the 
amount of EUR 1,800,000 (the "Loan") by the Company on 28 
March 2017 in favour of Eastern European Investment 
Management SP.z.o.o. ("EEIM"), a company wholly owned by 
Refran Holdings Limited, owned by Ms. Tetyana Taruta, 
citizen of Ukraine.

Upon issuance of the Loan, EEIM obtained a right to convert 
the Loan together with any accrued interest, in full or in 
part, into shares in the Company at a conversion price of 
NOK 1 per share by serving a 20 business days' prior written 
notice to the Company. The Loan shall be repaid on 28 March 
2020 unless converted in full. 

As described in the announcement of 3 April 2017, the 
portion of the Loan and interest to be converted shall be 
converted to NOK based on an exchange rate of EUR 1/NOK 9, 
provided, however, that if there is a deviation at the 
conversion date between the pre-defined exchange rate and 
the average EUR/NOK exchange rate published by Norges Bank 
over a period of three months prior to the conversion date, 
then the average exchange rate shall be applied. 

Following subscription of the Loan, EEIM has a right to 
convert the Loan into 16,200,000 shares in the Company, 
corresponding to approximately 20.5% of the shares in the 
Company (based on a conversion price of NOK 1 and the agreed 
NOK exchange rate of EUR 1/NOK 9). Following the completion 
of the Company's subsequent offering on 6 March 2017, and as 
announced by the Company on the same day, the percentage is 
reduced to approximately 19.42% of the shares in the Company 
(based on a conversion price of NOK 1 and the agreed NOK 
exchange rate of EUR 1/NOK 9).

EEIM does not hold any shares or any other rights to shares 
in the Company.

This information is subject of the disclosure requirements 
pursuant to section 4-3 of the Norwegian Securities Trading 
Act.