Announcement no. 01/2018
Copenhagen, 5 January 2018

Hugo Games CEO invests further in company through warrant exercise.
 
Hugo Games A/S (OAX: HUGO - ISIN DK006945467) today announced that its Chief Executive Officer, Henrik Nielsen, has invested DKK 1.5 million into the company by exercising 1.300.000 outstanding warrants to purchase as shares. The warrants were exercised and purchased via HNI Trading ApS on 1 January 2018. 

Including the latest investment, Henrik Nielsen has now invested a total of DKK 8 million into Hugo Games and owns  10,9% of the company underlining his strong confidence in the current market position and future potential of the company.

"We are making solid progress moving games forward in our development pipeline and I am really pleased with the quality that our Nottingham office is putting into our future game titles," said Henrik Nielsen, CEO in Hugo Games. "Our games are improving day by day and I am confident that games such as 'Kings of Soccer' and 'Doodle Jump 2' will get a warm welcome from gamers when we publish them in Q2 this year."   

Hugo Games actively uses warrant plans to incentivize its personnel and management and have them share in the success of the company. In addition to Henrik Nielsen, other senior members of the Hugo Games management team have also invested in the company. This includes Chairman of the Board of Directors, Henrik Kølle as well as Peter Ekman, CFO.

For further information, contact: 
Peter Ekman, CFO & Investor Relations
Phone: +45 20 65 00 12
Mail: ir@hugogames.com

About Hugo Games
Hugo Games is a Nordic mobile games publisher and developer located in Copenhagen. At Hugo Games we are passionate about games and we are committed to making titles that will engage and bring genuine joy to people for years. We have a consistent portfolio of games globally available across a wide range of platforms including iOS, Android, Windows, Amazon and Facebook. More information available at www.hugogames.com

