23.6.2021 08:50:00 CEST | Aqua Bio Technology ASA | Mandatory notification of
trade primary insiders

Kjeveortoped Espen Dahl AS, a close associate of Board member Kristin Aase who
is a primary insider of Aqua Bio Technology ASA (the "Company"), has today sold
100 000 shares at a price of 19.49. Following this sale, Espen Dahl,
Kjeveortoped Espen Dahl AS and close associates will continue to hold 1 506 278
shares in the company, corresponding to an ownership stake of 7.64% of the total
outstanding shares in the Company.

For further information, please contact Espen Kvale, CEO, telephone +47 916 28
092.

This information is subject to the disclosure requirements in Regulation EU
596/2014 article 19 number 3 and the Norwegian Securities Trading Act ยง 5-12.

Aqua Bio Technology (ABT) is developing and commercializing sustainable
biotechnology for use in skin care products. ABT's cosmetics ingredients are
effective and they provide the cosmetics industry with natural alternatives to
traditional ingredients. ABT is also marketing and distributing natural skin
care products developed by partners towards consumers and professional users.
ABT's focus on commercialization and development of natural ingredients and
natural skin care products has been, and will continue to be, an important part
of the company's strategy going forward. Aqua Bio Technology is listed on
Euronext Expand.

DISCLOSURE REGULATION

This information is subject of the disclosure requirements pursuant to section
of 5-12 of the Norwegian Securities Trading Act.

CONTACTS

 * Espen Kvale, CEO, +47 916 28 092, espen.kvale@aquabiotech.no 

ABOUT AQUA BIO TECHNOLOGY ASA

Aqua Bio Technology (ABT) is developing and commercializing sustainable
biotechnology for use in skin care products. ABT's cosmetics ingredients are
highly effective and they provide the cosmetics industry with natural
alternatives to traditional ingredients. ABT is also marketing and distributing
natural skin care products developed by partners towards consumers and
professional users. Aqua Bio Technology is listed on Euronext Expand.