Amersfoort, 15 March 2024: Reference is made to the stock exchange announcement by Envipco Holding N.V. (OSE: ENVIP / AEX: ENVI) (the "Company") on 12 March 2024 regarding completion of a private placement through issuance of new shares (the "Private Placement"). To arrange for settlement of the Private Placement, the Company entered into a share lending agreement (the "Share Lending Agreement") with Carnegie AS, Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (publ) (the "Borrowers"), Mr. Gregory Garvey and Gregory Garvey Family Investments LLC (an entity controlled by Mr. Garvey) (the "Lending Shareholders"). 

Pursuant to the Share Lending Agreement, the Lending Shareholders lent a total of 6,000,000 shares to the Borrowers. The Borrowers have on 15 March 2024 re-delivered 6,000,000 shares in the Company to the Lending Shareholders. New shares issued by the Company were used for the re-delivery. 

Mr. Gregory Garvey is a primary insider and Gregory Garvey Family Investments LLC is a close associate of his, and the share lending is therefore a notifiable transaction pursuant to the Market Abuse Regulation article 19. Further details about the transaction are available in the attached form.

For further information please contact:
Simon Bolton, Group CEO
+31 33 285 1773

Mikael Clement, CSO
+47 9900 8000
EnvipcoInvestorRelations@envipco.com

About Envipco Holding N.V.
Envipco Holding N.V., www.envipco.com, is a Netherlands-based holding company listed on Euronext Amsterdam and Euronext Oslo Growth (Symbols: ENVI/ENVIP). Envipco, with operations in several countries around the globe, is a recognized leader in the development and operation of reverse vending machines (RVMs), automated technological systems for the recovery of used beverage containers. Known for its innovative technology and market leadership, Envipco holds several intellectual property rights for RVM systems, including but not limited to beverage refund deposit markings, material type identification, compaction and accounting.