


ASKER, NORWAY (10 April 2018) - Based on preliminary reporting from operating
units, TGS management expects net revenues for the first quarter of 2018 to be
approximately USD 135 million, 56% higher than Q1 2017.

"We are very pleased with our Q1 revenue performance, particularly given that
over 85% comes from late sales attributed to the existing data library.  With
all regions performing above our expectations, we see this as another sign of an
underlying improvement in the market," commented Kristian Johansen, CEO, TGS.



Company Summary

TGS-NOPEC Geophysical Company (TGS) provides multi-client geoscience data to oil
and gas Exploration and Production companies worldwide.  In addition to
extensive global geophysical and geological data libraries that include multi-
client seismic data, magnetic and gravity data, digital well logs, production
data and directional surveys, TGS also offers advanced processing and imaging
services, interpretation products, and data integration solutions.

For more information visit TGS online at www.tgs.com.

Forward-looking statements and contact information

All statements in this press release other than statements of historical fact
are forward-looking statements, which are subject to a number of risks,
uncertainties and assumptions that are difficult to predict, and are based upon
assumptions as to future events that may not prove accurate. These factors
include TGS' reliance on a cyclical industry and principle customers, TGS'
ability to continue to expand markets for licensing of data, and TGS' ability to
acquire and process data products at costs commensurate with profitability.
Actual results may differ materially from those expected or projected in the
forward-looking statements. TGS undertakes no responsibility or obligation to
update or alter forward-looking statements for any reason.

TGS-NOPEC Geophysical Company ASA is listed on the Oslo Stock Exchange
(OSLO:TGS).

TGS sponsored American Depositary Shares trade on the U.S. over-the-counter
market under the symbol "TGSGY".


For additional information about this press release please contact:

Sven Børre Larsen
Chief Financial Officer
Tel: +47 90 94 36 73
Email: sven.larsen@tgs.com

Will Ashby
VP HR & Communication
Tel: +1 713 860 2184
begin_of_the_skype_highlighting end_of_the_skype_highlighting
Email: will.ashby@tgs.com





This information is subject of the disclosure requirements pursuant to section
5-12 of the Norwegian Securities Trading Act.


 
    