Oslo, 10 June 2022: Yara Deputy Board member Per Harald Eriksen sold 250 shares
on Monday 16 May 2022 at a price of NOK 464.50 per share.

Following this sale Per Harald Eriksen owns 0 Yara shares.

The  share sale is considered  as PDMR trades under  the Market Abuse Regulation
(EU)  No 596/2014 ("MAR") and is subject to the disclosure requirements pursuant
to MAR article 19. Details of the transaction can be found in the appendix.


Silje Nygaard
Investor Relations
Mobile: +47 957 04 843
E-mail: silje.nygaard@yara.com (mailto:silje.nygaard@yara.com)
 (mailto:silje.nygaard@yara.com)
 (mailto:silje.nygaard@yara.com)
About Yara

Yara grows knowledge to responsibly feed the world and protect the planet.
Supporting our vision of a world without hunger and a planet respected, we
pursue a strategy of sustainable value growth, promoting climate-friendly crop
nutrition and zero-emission energy solutions. Yara's ambition is focused on
growing a nature positive food future that creates value for our customers,
shareholders and society at large and delivers a more sustainable food value
chain.

To achieve our ambition, we have taken the lead in developing digital farming
tools for precision farming and work closely with partners throughout the food
value chain to improve the efficiency and sustainability of food production.
Through our focus on clean ammonia production, we aim to enable the hydrogen
economy, driving a green transition of shipping, fertilizer production and other
energy intensive industries.

Founded in 1905 to solve the emerging famine in Europe, Yara has established a
unique position as the industry's only global crop nutrition company. We operate
an integrated business model with around 17,000 employees and operations in over
60 countries, with a proven track record of strong returns. In 2021, Yara
reported revenues of USD 16.6 billion.


www.yara.com (http://www.yara.com)

This information is subject to the disclosure requirements pursuant to Section
5-12 of the Norwegian Securities Trading Act