Reach Subsea ASA - Exercise of warrants by Primary Insider

5 March 2025: Wilhelmsen New Energy AS (“Wilhelmsen”) has today exercised its remaining 44,707,373  warrants with a strike of NOK 3.28 per share (the “Exercise”) in Reach Subsea ASA (the “Company”). The exercise of warrants will provide the Company with approximately NOK 147 million in new equity to finance its growth initiatives, and increases Wilhelmsen’s ownership to approximately 30% of the share capital and votes. Following the exercise, Wilhelmsen no longer holds any remaining warrants in the Company.

Executive Vice President Wilhelmsen, Geir Flæsen, states the following:
“Increasing our stake in Reach Subsea reinforces our commitment to this strategic investment and highlights the role we see Reach playing as a platform for future growth. As part of Wilhelmsen, this investment aligns with our ambition to shape the maritime industry and build viable, next-generation solutions.”

Wilhelmsen is closely associated with Espen Gjerde (represented on the Board of Directors of Reach Subsea ASA). Please see attached notification form for further details. 

This disclosure is made pursuant to article 19 of the EU Market Abuse Regulation and section 5-12 of the Norwegian Securities Trading Act. 

For more information please contact: 

Birgitte Wendelbo Johansen 
Chief Financial Officer 
Reach Subsea ASA 
bwj@reachsubsea.no 

About Reach Subsea Reach Subsea ASA Group offers high quality solutions and technology to clients in need of ocean data and services. Services are offered out of our head office in Haugesund as well as from our subsidiaries and branches located across Norway, US, UK, Cyprus, Singapore, Trinidad, Brazil and Australia. The Group’s objective is to be a preferred partner and full-service provider of ocean services for clients, focusing on safety, environment, financial solidity and profitability. Our vision “Sustainable access to ocean space” underpins our commitment to the development of sustainable solutions, with stakeholder groups key interests in focus. 

This stock exchange announcement was published by Birgitte Wendelbo Johansen, Chief Financial Officer at Reach Subsea ASA on the time and date provided.
