Reference is made to the stock exchange announcement by Envipco Holding N.V.
(the "Company") on 23 September 2025 regarding completion of a private
placement through issuance of new shares (the "Private Placement"). To arrange
for settlement of the Private Placement, the Company has entered into a share
lending agreement (the "Share Lending Agreement") with Skandinaviska Enskilda
Banken AB (publ), DNB Carnegie, a part of DNB Bank ASA, and Pareto Securities
AS (the "Borrowers"), Mr. Gregory Garvey, Gregory Garvey Family Investments
LLC (an entity controlled by Mr. Garvey) and Mr. Maurice Bouri (the "Lending
Shareholders").
 
Pursuant to the Share Lending Agreement and for the purpose stated above, the
Lending Shareholders will lend a total of 8,400,000 shares to the Borrower.
The share loan will be settled by re-delivery from the Borrowers of newly
issued shares in the Company.
 
Mr. Gregory Garvey and Mr. Maurice Bouri are primary insiders, and Gregory
Garvey Family Investments LLC is a close associate of Mr. Gregory Garvey, and
the share lending is therefore a notifiable transaction pursuant to the Market
Abuse Regulation article 19. Further details about the transactions are
available in the attached form.

For further information please contact:
Simon Bolton, Group CEO +31 33 285 1773
Mikael Clement, CSO +47 9900 8000
www.envipco.com
investors@envipco.com (mailto:envipcoinvestorrelations@envipco.com)

About Envipco Holding N.V.
Envipco Holding N.V. (Envipco), www.envipco.com, is a Netherlands-based
holding company listed on Euronext Amsterdam and Euronext Oslo Børs (Symbols:
ENVI/ENVIP). Envipco, with operations in several countries around the globe,
is a recognized leader in the development and operation of reverse vending
machines (RVMs), automated technological systems for the recovery of used
beverage containers. Known for its innovative technology and market
leadership, Envipco holds several intellectual property rights for RVM
systems, including but not limited to beverage refund deposit markings,
material type identification, compaction, and accounting.

This information is subject to disclosure under the Norwegian Securities
Trading Act, §5-12. The information was submitted for publication at
2025-09-24 00:12 CEST.