


NOT  FOR DISTRIBUTION OR RELEASE, DIRECTLY OR  INDIRECTLY, IN OR INTO THE UNITED
STATES  OR ANY OTHER JURISDICTION IN WHICH  THE DISTRIBUTION OR RELEASE WOULD BE
UNLAWFUL. PLEASE SEE THE IMPORTANT NOTICE AT THE END OF THIS COMMUNICATION

In  connection  with  the  employee  share  purchase  programme of Aker ASA (the
"Company"),  the Company's employee bonus scheme, as well as for other corporate
purposes,  the  Company  hereby  launches  an  offer  to all shareholders in the
Company  to buy back up to 50,000 shares in  Aker ASA. The offer will be carried
out  through a  bookbuilding process  with an  offer price  of up to NOK 597 per
share.  The maximum price per share is the closing price of the Company's shares
on  30 May 2018 and a premium of 2.5 per  cent. Per 30 May 2018 the Company owns
15,733 own shares.

The bookbuilding period commences immediately and is expected to close at 08:00
(CET)  on  31 May  2018. The  Company  reserves  the right to accept acceptances
received after the end of the bookbuilding period, as well as to extend or close
the  bookbuilding period at any time in  its sole discretion. Acceptances of the
offer  are  irrevocable  and  cannot  be  withdrawn, however if the bookbuilding
period  is  extended,  acceptances  can  be  withdrawn  up  to the expiry of the
extended bookbuilding period.

Arctic Securities AS is engaged as financial advisor and receiving agent in
connection with the Offer. Shareholders who wish to sell their shares can call
Arctic Securities AS on +47 21 01 31 85.

In the event that the total number of received acceptances exceeds 50,000 shares
(or  the increased amount of shares the Company wishes to purchase), the Company
will determine criteria for the allocation of the acceptances in accordance with
the best interest of the company and the equal treatment of the shareholders.

Allocation  and pricing will follow before 09:00 (CET) on 31 May 2018. The trade
date  will be 31 May 2018 and settlement will  take place on 4 June 2018. If the
bookbuilding period is extended, the dates will be postponed correspondingly.

For further information, please contact:

Investors:
Per Kristian Reppe, Investment Manager & Head of Investor Relations
Phone: +47 24 13 00 67
Mobile: +47 90 03 32 03

Media:
Atle Kigen, Head of Corporate Communications
Phone: +47 24 13 00 08
Mobile: +47 907 84 878

                                      ***

This  information is subject to the  disclosure requirements pursuant to section
5-12 of the Norwegian Securities Trading Act.

                                      ***

The Offer and the distribution of this announcement and other information in
connection with the offer may be restricted by law in certain jurisdictions.


Aker ASA does not assume any responsibility in the event there is a violation by
any person of such restrictions. Persons into whose possession this announcement
or  such other information  should come are  required to inform themselves about
and to observe any such restrictions.

The  offer is not being made  directly or indirectly in, or  by use of the mails
of,  or by any means or instrumentality of interstate or foreign commerce of, or
any  facilities  of  a  national  securities  exchange  of, the United States of
America, its territories and possessions, any State of the United States and the
District  of Columbia (the  "United States"). This  includes, but is not limited
to,  facsimile transmission,  internet delivery,  e-mail, telex  and telephones.
Accordingly, copies of this release and any related documents are not being, and
must  not be, mailed, e-mailed  or otherwise distributed or  sent in or into the
United States and so doing may invalidate any purported acceptance.



 
    