NOT FOR DISTRIBUTION OR RELEASE, DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY, TO UNITED 
STATES NEWS WIRE SERVICES OR FOR DISSEMINATION IN OR INTO THE UNITED 
STATES, AUSTRALIA, CANADA, JAPAN, HONG KONG OR SOUTH AFRICA, OR ANY 
OTHER JURISDICTION IN WHICH THE DISTRIBUTION OR RELEASE WOULD BE 
UNLAWFUL, EXCEPT AS PERMITTED UNDER APLLICABLE SECURITIES LAW.

Hamar, 8 June 2017: Reference is made to SpareBank 1 Østlandet's 
(ticker: SPOL) stock exchange announcement dated 29 May 2017 
regarding publication of a prospectus dated 26 May 2017 (the 
"Prospectus") in connection with an offering of equity capital 
certificates, an employee offering and a listing of the bank's 
equity capital certificates on Oslo Børs. The bank has received 
notifications that the following primary insider in SpareBank 1 
Østlandet has submitted applications for equity capital certificates 
in relation to the ongoing offering:

Close associates of Nina Cecilie Lier, Deputy Chair of the Board, 
has applied for equity capital certificates in the amount of NOK 
75,000 in the retail offering. Lier, including close associates, has 
in total applied for equity capital certificates in the amount of 
NOK 300,000, cf. earlier announcement. 

The applications are made on the terms set out in the Prospectus. 
Applicants in the employee offering are guaranteed a minimum 
allocation of NOK 125,000 (before the employee discount). There are 
no guaranteed allocations in the retail offering or the 
institutional offering.

Contacts:
Richard Heiberg, CEO, tel: +47 90 20 60 18,
mail: richard.heiberg@sparebanken-hedmark.no 
Geir-Egil Bolstad, CFO, tel: +47 91 88 20 71,
mail: geir-egil.bolstad@sparebanken-hedmark.no

About SpareBank 1 Østlandet
SpareBank 1 Østlandet is the fourth largest Norwegian savings bank, 
measured by total adjusted assets. The Bank has approximately 
290,000 customers spread mainly across its four counties of 
operation: Hedmark, Oppland, Akershus and Oslo. The Bank's head 
office is in Hamar (Hedmark county). The Bank offers a wide range of 
products within loans, deposits, insurance, pensions, payment 
services, estate agency, accounting services, leasing and financing.

Important Notice
Neither this announcement nor any copy of it may be made or 
transmitted into the United States, or distributed, directly or 
indirectly, in the United States. Neither this announcement nor any 
copy of it may be taken or transmitted directly or indirectly into 
Australia, Canada, Japan, Hong Kong or South Africa or to any 
persons in any of those jurisdictions, except in compliance with 
applicable securities laws. Any failure to comply with this 
restriction may constitute a violation of Australian, Canadian, 
Japanese, South African, Hong Kong or United States securities 
laws. The distribution of this announcement in other jurisdictions 
may be restricted by law and persons into whose possession this 
announcement comes should inform themselves about, and observe, any 
such restrictions. This announcement does not constitute, or form 
part of, an offer to sell, or a solicitation of an offer to 
purchase, any securities in Australia, Canada, Japan, South Africa, 
Hong Kong or the United States or in any jurisdiction to whom or in 
which such offer or solicitation is unlawful.

The securities referred to in this announcement have not been and 
will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as 
amended (the "Securities Act"), or any securities laws of any state 
or other jurisdiction of the United States and may not be offered 
or sold within the United States except pursuant to an exemption 
from, or in a transaction not subject to, the registration 
requirements of the Securities Act and in compliance with 
applicable state law. There will be no public offer of the 
securities in the United States. 

This announcement is only being distributed to and is only directed 
at persons in the United Kingdom that are (i) investment 
professionals falling within Article 19(5) of the Financial 
Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion) Order 2005, as 
amended (the "Order") or (ii) high net worth entities, and other 
persons to whom this announcement may lawfully be communicated, 
falling within Article 49(2)(a) to (d) of the Order (all such 
persons together being referred to as "relevant persons"). This 
announcement must not be acted on or relied on by persons who are 
not relevant persons. Any investment or investment activity to 
which this announcement relates is available only to relevant 
persons and will be engaged in only with relevant persons. Persons 
distributing this announcement must satisfy themselves that it is 
lawful to do so.

This announcement is an advertisement and does not constitute a 
prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Directive. The 
expression "Prospectus Directive" means Directive 2003/71/EC (as 
amended, including by Directive 2010/73/EU), and includes any 
relevant implementing measure in each Relevant Member State. A 
Prospectus prepared pursuant to the Prospectus Directive and 
approved by the competent authority in Norway is expected to be 
published by the Bank before the Offering period commences (if ever 
commenced) and, when and if published, can be obtained on the 
Bank's website, subject to regulatory restrictions. Investors 
should not subscribe for any securities referred to in this 
announcement except on the basis of information contained in the 
Prospectus. Before purchasing any securities, persons viewing this 
announcement should ensure that they fully understand and accept 
the risks which will be set out in the Prospectus when published. 
The information in this announcement is for background purposes 
only and does not purport to be full or complete. No reliance may 
be placed for any purpose on the information contained in this 
announcement or its accuracy or completeness. This announcement 
does not constitute or form part of any offer or invitation to sell 
or issue, or any solicitation of any offer to purchase or subscribe 
for any securities nor shall it (or any part of it) or the fact of 
its distribution, form the basis of, or be relied on in connection 
with, any contract therefor. In any EEA Member State other than 
Norway that has implemented the Prospectus Directive, this 
communication is only addressed to and is only directed at
qualified investors in that Member State within the meaning of the 
Prospectus Directive.

Matters discussed in this announcement may constitute forward-
looking statements. Forward-looking statements are statements that 
are not historical facts and may be identified by words such 
as "believe", "expect", "anticipate", "strategy", "intends", 
"estimate", "will", "may", "continue", "should" and similar 
expressions. The forward-looking statements in this release are 
based upon various assumptions, many of which are based, in turn, 
upon further assumptions. Although the Bank believes that these 
assumptions were reasonable when made, these assumptions are 
inherently subject to significant known and unknown risks, 
uncertainties, contingencies and other important factors which are 
difficult or impossible to predict and are beyond its control. Such 
risks, uncertainties, contingencies and other important factors 
could cause actual events to differ materially from the 
expectations expressed or implied in this release by such forward-
looking statements. 

The information, opinions and forward-looking statements contained 
in this announcement speak only as at its date, and are subject to 
change without notice. Each of the Bank, the Joint Bookrunners and 
their respective affiliates expressly disclaim any obligation or 
undertaking to update, review or revise any forward-looking 
statement contained in this announcement whether as a result of new 
information, future developments or otherwise.

This announcement does not constitute a recommendation concerning 
any offer of securities. The price and value of securities and any 
income from them can go down as well as up. Past performance is not 
a guide to future performance. Information in this announcement or 
any of the documents relating to the IPO cannot be relied upon as a 
guide to future performance. There is no guarantee that the listing 
on Oslo Børs will occur and you should not base your financial 
decisions on the Bank's intentions in relation to the listing at 
this stage. Potential investors should consult a professional 
advisor as to the suitability of the IPO for the entity concerned. 
The Joint Bookrunners and their respective affiliates are acting 
exclusively for the Bank and no one else in connection with the
IPO. 

In connection with the IPO, the Joint Bookrunners and any of their 
affiliates, may take up a portion of the ECCs in the IPO as a 
principal position and in that capacity may retain, purchase, sell, 
offer to sell for their own accounts such securities and other 
securities of the Bank or related investments in connection with 
the IPO or otherwise.  Accordingly, references in the Prospectus, 
once published (if published), to the securities being issued, 
offered, subscribed, acquired, placed or otherwise dealt in should 
be read as including any issue or offer to, or subscription, 
acquisition, placing or dealing by, the Joint Bookrunners and any 
of their affiliates acting as investors for their own accounts. The 
Joint Bookrunners do not intend to disclose the extent of any such 
investment or transactions otherwise than in accordance with any 
legal or regulatory obligations to do so.

None of the Joint Bookrunners or any of their respective affiliates 
or any of their respective directors, officers, employees, advisors 
or agents accepts any responsibility or liability whatsoever for, 
or makes any representation or warranty, express or implied, as to 
the truth, accuracy or completeness of the information in this 
announcement (or whether any information has been omitted from the 
announcement) or any other information relating to the Bank, its 
subsidiaries or associated companies, whether written, oral or in a 
visual or electronic form, and howsoever transmitted or made 
available, or for any loss howsoever arising from any use of this 
announcement or its contents or otherwise arising in connection 
therewith.

This information is subject to disclosure requirements pursuant to 
Section 5-12 of the Norwegian Securities Trading Act.