In  accordance with  the authorisation  granted by  the AGM  on 5 June 2019, the
board  of  directors  of  SalMar  ASA  has  decided  to  establish a share-based
incentive  scheme (Restricted  Share Unit  Plan) for  senior executives  and key
personnel  employed by the company and  its subsidiaries. The scheme encompasses
up  to 131 425 shares and has a duration of three years. The company's liability
with  respect to the  scheme will be  met through existing  holdings of treasury
shares. As of 31 January 2020, SalMar ASA holds 377 141 treasury shares.

The purpose of the share-based incentive scheme (RSUP) is to encourage employees
to maintain a deep, long-term engagement in the company, through a further
alignment of the employees' interests with those of other shareholders. Under
the RSUP, participating individuals will be awarded shares to motivate them to
contribute to the continued success and profitability of the company, as well as
deliver outstanding results. The RSUP will also enhance SalMar's ability to
attract and retain staff.

Under the RSUP, participants will receive, free of charge, Restricted Share
Units (RSUs), which, if certain predefined performance criteria are met within
an accrual period, will be released and transferred to them as shares. The RSUP
comprises three accrual periods of one, two and three calendar years
respectively, with 2019 being the first year. Each accrual period encompasses
1/3 of the total number of RSUs included in the scheme. One RSU gives a
contingent entitlement to one share.

The following criteria determine the award of RSUs during each of the three
accrual periods:
- Award of 1/3 of the RSUs is independent of any performance criteria
- Award of 1/3 of the RSUs depends on SalMar achieving a certain EBIT/kg more
than other aquaculture companies listed on the Oslo Stock Exchange during the
accrual period
- Award of 1/3 of the RSUs depends on SalMar's shares achieving a higher total
shareholder return (TSR) than a defined group of comparable companies during the
accrual period.

Accrual of RSUs under the scheme presumes that the individual is an employee of
SalMar or a participating subsidiary. The total gain from released RSUs during
one calendar year shall not exceed 100 per cent of the participant's basic
salary. Under the scheme's rules, the number of RSUs will be adjusted in the
event of a dividend payout in order to preserve, but not increase, the value of
the RSU allocation.

The RSUP goes into effect on 31 January 2020 and encompasses senior executives
and key personnel at SalMar and its subsidiaries.

Restricted share units granted primary insiders 31 January 2020:

Frode Arntsen has received 2 248 RSUs in the Company
Roger Bekken has received 2 302 RSUs in the Company
Tonette Bjørgård has received 1 348 RSUs in the Company
Eva Haugen has received 1 349 RSUs in the Company
Håkon Husby has received 932 RSUs in the Company
Runar Sivertsen has received 932 RSUs in the Company
Ulrik Steinvik has received 1 978 RSUs in the Company
Trine Sæther Romuld has received 3 010 RSUs in the Company
Arthur Wisniewski has received 1 206 RSUs in the Company

New holdings:

After completion of the abovementioned grant Frode Arntsen holds 5 419 RSUs in
the Company. As of today the primary insider holds 1 917 shares in the Company.

After completion of the abovementioned grant Roger Bekken holds 5 215 RSUs in
the Company. As of today the primary insider holds 12 868 shares in the Company.

After completion of the abovementioned grant Tonette Bjørgård holds 3 327 RSUs
in the Company. As of today the primary insider holds 5 274 shares in the
Company.

After completion of the abovementioned grant Eva Haugen* holds 3 328 RSUs in the
Company. As of today the primary insider holds 5 617 shares in the Company.

After completion of the abovementioned grant Håkon Husby holds 932 RSUs in the
Company. As of today the primary insider holds 0 shares in the Company.

After completion of the abovementioned grant Runar Sivertsen holds 2 178 RSUs in
the Company. As of today the primary insider holds 1 906 shares in the Company.

After completion of the abovementioned grant Ulrik Steinvik* holds 4 880 RSUs in
the Company. As of today the primary insider holds 15 751 shares in the Company.

After completion of the abovementioned grant Trine Sæther Romuld holds 3 010
RSUs in the Company. As of today the primary insider holds 2 300 shares in the
Company.

After completion of the abovementioned grant Arthur Wisniewski holds 2 806 RSUs
in the Company. As of today the primary insider holds 9 shares in the Company.

*Shares are owned directly and indirectly through related parties.

For more information, please contact:
CFO & COO Trine Sæther Romuld,
Tel: + 47 991 63 632
Email: trine.romuld@salmar.no (mailto:trine.romuld@salmar.no)
Website: www.salmar.no (http://www.salmar.no)

This information is subject of the disclosure requirements pursuant to section
5-12 of the Norwegian Securities Trading Act.