Reference is made to the share purchase program for employees ("ESPP") of LINK Mobility Group Holding ASA (the "Company" and together with its consolidated subsidiaries, the "Group").

Following the expiry of the vesting period for matching shares to the ESPP shares subscribed in 2022 ("2022 ESPP") and in accordance with the plan’s conditions, employees are entitled to up to 25,877 matching shares. 
On the basis of the above, the board has resolved to allocate up to 25,877 matching shares under the 2022 ESPP. 
As permitted and in accordance with the terms under 2022 ESPP, the settlement of shares will be done by transfer of the Company's own shares from the Company to the employees. Thus, no new shares will be issued in connection with the above. The 2022 ESPP matching shares were resolved transferred free of charge.  

The following primary insider was granted matching shares under 2022 ESPP:
• Morten Edvardsen, CFO of the Company, was granted 3,834 matching shares free of charge

Primary insider notification pursuant to the EU Market Abuse Regulation Article 19 is attached.

For further information, please contact 
Morten Løken Edvardsen, CFO & VP Investor Relations
+47 90 56 15 89
ir@linkmobility.com

About LINK Mobility 
LINK is an award-winning, leading global provider of mobile messaging and communications platform as a service (CPaaS) solutions for increased engagement. The company serves enterprise, SME and government customers. LINK offers a wide range of innovative and scalable mobile solutions, creating valuable digital convergence between businesses and customers, governments and citizens, platforms and users. LINK has more than 50,000 active customer accounts globally and exchanges more than 19 billion messages a year. LINK is listed on the Oslo Stock Exchange under the ticker LINK. For more information about LINK, please see www.linkmobility.com and follow LINK Mobility on LinkedIn.

This information is subject to the disclosure requirements pursuant to Section 5-12 of the Norwegian Securities Trading Act, EU Market Abuse Regulation Article 19 and Oslo Rulebook II.
