Oslo, Norway, 1 December 2023: Reference is made to the stock exchange release by EXACT Therapeutics AS("EXACT Therapeutics" or the "Company") yesterday on 30 November 2023, regarding the successful completion of a private placement (the "Private Placement") raising gross proceeds of NOK 25 million.

Amir Snapir, CMO of EXACT Therapeutics, has subscribed for 4,166 ordinary shares in the Company at NOK 12 per share in the Private Placement. Following this transaction, Amir Snapir will hold 6,666 ordinary shares in the Company.

Per Walday, CEO of EXACT Therapeutics, has subscribed for 8,333 ordinary shares in the Company at NOK 12 per share in the Private Placement. Following this transaction, Per Walday will hold 10,833 ordinary shares in the Company.

Caspar Foghsgaard, Sr. VP Commercial and Business Development in EXACT Therapeutics, has subscribed for 4,166 ordinary shares in the Company at NOK 12 per share in the Private Placement. Following this transaction, Caspar Foghsgaard will hold 4,166 ordinary shares in the Company.

John M. Edminson, CFO of EXACT Therapeutics, has subscribed for 4,166 ordinary shares at NOK 12 per share in the Private Placement. Following this transaction, John Edminson will hold 6,666 ordinary shares in the Company. 

Anders Wold, chair of the board of EXACT Therapeutics, has subscribed for 25,000 ordinary shares at NOK 12 per share in the Private Placement. Following this transaction, Anders Wold will hold 29,914 ordinary shares in the Company.

Masha Strømme, vice chair of the board of EXACT Therapeutics, has through close associate PAACS Invest AS, subscribed for 8,333 ordinary shares at NOK 12 per share in the Private Placement. Following this transaction, Masha Strømme will hold 2,699,842 ordinary shares in the Company though PAACS Invest AS. 

Sir William Castell, member of the board of EXACT Therapeutics, has subscribed for 4,166 ordinary shares at NOK 12 per share in the Private Placement. Following this transaction, Sir William Castell will hold 346,664 ordinary shares in the Company. 

Kvåle AS, a close associate of Svein Kvåle, COO of EXACT Therapeutics AS (the "Company"), has on 29 November entered into a share lending agreement pursuant to which it has granted Carnegie AS an option to borrow up to a number of 2,083,333 ordinary shares in the Company, to facilitate settlement in the contemplated private placement in the Company. 


This information is subject to the disclosure requirements pursuant to MAR article 19 and Section 5-12 the Norwegian Securities Trading Act.


Please refer to the attached notifications of trading for further details. 

For more information, please contact:
Per Walday, CEO, EXACT Therapeutics AS
Email per.walday@exact-tx.com

John M. Edminson CFO, EXACT Therapeutics AS
Email: john.edminson@exact-tx.com

About EXACT-Tx:
EXACT-Tx is a Norwegian clinical-stage precision medicine company developing a technology platform for targeted therapeutic enhancement – Acoustic Cluster Therapy (ACT®). ACT® follows a unique approach to ultrasound-mediated, targeted drug enhancement – with the potential to significantly amplify the clinical utility of a wide range of therapeutic agents across a multitude of indications including within oncology (chemotherapy, immunotherapy) and brain diseases. www.exact-tx.com