Primary Insider Hans Erik Robbestad has today made an internal reorganisation of parts of his share holdings in Omda AS, from a private Funds and Share account in DNB to a private Funds and Share account in Nordnet, and from Ipec AS’ Funds and Share account in DNB to Ipec AS’ Funds and Share account in Nordnet. In connection with the reorganisation, Mr. Robbestad acquired an additional 3,149 shares in Omda AS, of which 2,169 of the shares were acquired through Ipec AS, a company controlled by Mr. Robbestad. 
 
The reorganisation and acquisition were carried out by way of 

1) a disposal of 6,020 shares from Mr. Robbestad’s private Funds and Share account in DNB, at an average price of NOK 27.30 per share, and a following acquisition of 7,000 shares from Mr. Robbestad’s private Funds and Share account in Nordnet, at an average price of NOK 27.40 per share; and 

2) a disposal of 6,040 shares from Ipec AS’ Funds and Share account in DNB at an average price of NOK 27.60 per share, and a following acquisition of 8,209 shares from Ipec AS’ Funds and Share account in Nordnet at an average price of NOK 27.70 per share. 

Following the internal reorganisation and acquisitions, Mr. Robbestad controls 247,000 shares in Omda AS. 

Primary insider notifications pursuant to the market abuse regulation article 19 are attached.

For more information, please contact: 
Einar Bonnevie
Chief Financial Officer
+47 91 55 45 32
einar.bonnevie@omda.com

About Omda
Omda is the leading provider of specialised software for healthcare and emergency services in the Nordics with a growing presence in Europe, North America and the Pacific region. The company serves more than 500 customers in 27 countries and employs more than 250 dedicated specialists. Our highly specialised healthcare solutions empower medical professionals and emergency responders, enabling them to know more and work smarter. With a focus on user-centric design, value-driven development and close working relationships with customers, Omda delivers solutions that enhance patient safety and improve healthcare outcomes.

For more information, visit www.omda.com
Follow us on LinkedIn
Subscribe to our newsletter: http://eepurl.com/dsoOJH