Kats, Netherlands – January 15, 2025

Reference is made to the stock exchange notice by The Kingfish Company N.V. ("Kingfish" or the "Company") on 22 December 2024 regarding the completion of a fully underwritten private placement raising gross proceeds of approximately EUR 14 million (the "Private Placement") through issuance of new shares (the "Offer Shares") in the Company at a fixed price of EUR 0.45 per Offer Share (the "Offer price"), to raise gross proceeds to the Company of approximately EUR 14 million (the "Offer Size").

The Private Placement will be divided in two tranches: 
•	Tranche 1 consists of 11,084,900 Offer Shares (the “Tranche 1 Shares”), representing 10% of the outstanding shares in the Company prior to the Private Placement, which were issued by the Company's supervisory board pursuant to authorizations granted by the Company's annual general meeting on June 19, 2024, including the authority to exclude pre-emption rights to shares; and 
•	Tranche 2 will consist of 20,026,212 Offer Shares, representing 18.1% of the outstanding shares in the Company prior to the Private Placement, to be issued pursuant to a resolution by an extraordinary general meeting of the Company (the "EGM") or the Company's supervisory board, if so authorized by the EGM.

The following close associates of primary insiders of the Company have on 15 January 2025 obtained shares in the capital of the Company in connection with the issuance of Tranche 1 Shares as set out below: 

-	Stolt-Nielsen M.S. Ltd, a closely association person of supervisory director Jordi Trias Fita, has obtained  2,827,608 shares in the capital of the Company.

-	Noam Kleinfeld, a supervisory director, has obtained  102,931 shares in the capital of the Company.

Please see the enclosed forms for further details about the transactions. 


For media and investor inquiries, please contact 
press@the-kingfish-company.com 
ir@the-kingfish-company.com

Company News feed 
https://www.the-kingfish-company.com/news

About The Kingfish Company

The Kingfish Company is a pioneer and leader in sustainable land-based aquaculture. Current annual production capacity at its Kingfish Zeeland facility in the Netherlands is 4,000 tons of high quality and high-value yellowtail kingfish. Next expansion opportunities are in the Netherlands and the US. Kingfish Maine is fully permitted by local, state, and federal regulatory agencies to build an 8,500 tons production facility. 

Production is based on advanced recirculating aquaculture systems (RAS), which protect biodiversity and ensure biosecurity. Animal welfare is paramount, and the fish is grown without use of antibiotics and vaccines. Operations run on 100 percent renewable electricity, sourced from wind, solar and biogas. The Company's facilities operate on sea water, avoiding wasting precious fresh water.

The Kingfish Company's main product, the Yellowtail Kingfish (also known as ricciola/hiramasa/greater amberjack) is a highly versatile premium fish species, well known in the Italian and Asian fusion cuisines. Its products are certified and approved as sustainable and environmentally friendly by Aquaculture Stewardship Council (ASC), Best Aquaculture Practices (BAP), GLOBAL G.A.P. and Friend of the Sea.

* * *
This information is subject to the disclosure requirements pursuant to Regulation EU 596/2014 (MAR) article 19 number 3 and section 5-12 of the Norwegian Securities Trading Act.

