14.6.2021 12:42:01 CEST | Aqua Bio Technology ASA | Mandatory notification of
trade primary insiders

Reference is made to the stock exchange notice from Aqua Bio Technology ASA (the
"Company") on 15 April 2021 regarding completion of a private placement raising
gross proceeds of approximately NOK 15 million through issuance 1,303,707 new
shares (the "Private Placement") and the share lending agreement entered into
between the Company and shareholder Kjeveortoped Espen Dahl AS.

All of the 605,017 borrowed shares have today been returned to Kjeveortoped
Espen Dahl AS. Kjeveortoped Espen Dahl AS is a close associate of board member
Kristin Aase.

Please see the attached form for further information.

* * *

For further information, please contact Espen Kvale, CEO, telephone +47 916 28
092.

Aqua Bio Technology (ABT) is developing and commercializing sustainable
biotechnology for use in skin care products. ABT's cosmetics ingredients are
highly effective and they provide the cosmetics industry with natural
alternatives to traditional ingredients. ABT is also marketing and distributing
natural skin care products developed by partners towards consumers and
professional users. ABT's focus on commercialization and development of natural
ingredients and natural skin care products has been, and will continue to be, an
important part of the Company's strategy going forward. Aqua Bio Technology is
listed on the Euronext Expand market of the Oslo Stock Exchange.

This information is such that Aqua Bio Technology ASA is required to disclose in
accordance with the EU Market Abuse Regulation, and is subject to the disclosure
requirements pursuant to section 5-12 of the Norwegian Securities Trading Act.

 

 

DISCLOSURE REGULATION

This information is subject of the disclosure requirements pursuant to section
of 5-12 of the Norwegian Securities Trading Act.

CONTACTS

 * Espen Kvale, CEO, +47 916 28 092, espen.kvale@aquabiotech.no 

ABOUT AQUA BIO TECHNOLOGY ASA

Aqua Bio Technology (ABT) is developing and commercializing sustainable
biotechnology for use in skin care products. ABT's cosmetics ingredients are
highly effective and they provide the cosmetics industry with natural
alternatives to traditional ingredients. ABT is also marketing and distributing
natural skin care products developed by partners towards consumers and
professional users. Aqua Bio Technology is listed on Euronext Expand.

ATTACHMENTS

Notification form Kjeveortoped Espen Dahl AS Redelivery of shares.pdf -
https://kommunikasjon.ntb.no/ir-files/17847556/643/855/Notification%20form%20Kje
veortoped%20Espen%20Dahl%20AS%20Redelivery%20of%20shares.pdf