Kristofer Reiten, a board member in Salmon Evolution ASA, is a shareholder of
Romsdalsfisk AS through his wholly-owned company, Bortebakken AS. Romsdalsfisk
AS owns 21,089,339 shares, equal to 6.9% of the issued and outstanding shares in
Salmon Evolution ASA. Today, Romsdalsfisk AS has decided to complete a de-merger
of Romsdalsfisk AS. Following such completion, Bortebakken AS (or its related
companies) will receive 6,387,057 shares, equal to 2.1% of the issued and
outstanding shares in Salmon Evolution ASA, as de-merger consideration, and
Romsdalsfisk AS will own zero shares in Salmon Evolution ASA.

Following completion of the above-mentioned demerger, Kristofer Reiten will
(through controlled companies) own 7,445,090 shares, equal to 2.4% of the issued
and outstanding shares, in Salmon Evolution ASA.

This information is made in accordance with MAR article 19 and the Norwegian
Securities Trading Act section 5-12.

For further information, please contact:
Trond Håkon Schaug-Pettersen, CFO,
Salmon Evolution thsp@salmone.no
+47 91 19 13 27

About Salmon Evolution

Salmon Evolution is a Norwegian land-based salmon farming company focused on
extending the ocean's potential by transferring the best preconditions offered
by the sea to farm fish on land through its hybrid flow-through system
technology (HFS). This secures a truly sustainable production process with
controlled and optimal growth conditions and limiting operational and biological
risk.

The company's first production facility is under construction at Indre Harøy,
strategically located on the Norwegian west coast with access to unlimited fresh
seawater, renewable energy, established infrastructure for salmon farming, and
an educated and experienced work force. The entire project is designed for an
annual capacity of approx. 31,500 tonnes HOG. In addition, the company is
expanding internationally through a JV in South Korea with Dongwon Industries
for a 16,800 tonnes HOG production facility.

Salmon Evolution ASA is listed at Oslo Stock Exchange under the ticker SALME.

To learn more, please visit www.salmonevolution.no