Oslo, Norway (27 November 2024) - TGS has issued awards of Performance Share
Units (PSUs) and Restricted Share Units (RSUs) to 408 key employees of the
Company, as authorized by the shareholders of the company at its Extraordinary
General Meeting on 25 July 2024.  With the exception of certain RSUs, which are
secured by the Company's treasury stock, the PSUs and RSUs are secured by free-
standing warrants that, upon vesting of the PSUs and RSUs in accordance with
their terms, are convertible to shares of the Company's common stock.  Each PSU
represents the right to receive the maximum of one share, while each RSU
represents the right to receive one share.

The PSUs are granted to members of the executive and senior leadership teams and
will vest 27 November 2027, provided the employee remains employed with TGS on
the vesting date.  Upon vesting, the PSUs will be converted to TGS shares on the
terms approved by the Extraordinary General Meeting, depending on performance
versus target metrics.  The number of shares will be determined by multiplying
the number of PSUs granted by a factor of 0% to 100%.  The factor is determined
by performance against three target metrics: (i) Absolute Total Shareholder
Return (TSR), (ii) Relative TSR, and (iii) HSE and Sustainability goals.  TSR
performance is measured by the three-year period commencing on the Date of Grant
and ending on the Vesting Date.  HSE and Sustainability performance is measured
for the period 1 January 2024 through 31 December 2026.

The RSUs are granted to senior leadership teams and other certain key employees
and will also vest on 27 November 2027, provided the employee remains employed
at vesting and has achieved a satisfactory performance rating against their
goals over the three-year plan period.  Upon vesting, the holder of the RSUs
will receive an equivalent number of TGS shares.

The list of PDMRs receiving PSUs and RSUs is attached.  The maximum number of
new shares to be issued under the awarded PSUs and RSUs is 1,900,000.

About TGS
TGS provides advanced data and intelligence to companies active in the energy
sector. With leading-edge technology and solutions spanning the entire energy
value chain, TGS offers a comprehensive range of insights to help clients make
better decisions. Our broad range of products and advanced data technologies,
coupled with a global, extensive and diverse energy data library, make TGS a
trusted partner in supporting the exploration and production of energy resources
worldwide. For further information, please visit www.tgs.com.

Forward Looking Statement
All statements in this press release other than statements of historical fact
are forward-looking statements, which are subject to a number of risks,
uncertainties and assumptions that are difficult to predict and are based upon
assumptions as to future events that may not prove accurate. These factors
include volatile market conditions, investment opportunities in new and existing
markets, demand for licensing of data within the energy industry, operational
challenges, and reliance on a cyclical industry and principal customers. Actual
results may differ materially from those expected or projected in the forward-
looking statements. TGS undertakes no responsibility or obligation to update or
alter forward-looking statements for any reason.

For more information, visit TGS.com (http://www.tgs.com) or contact:

Bård Stenberg
VP IR & Communication
investor@tgs.com
