15.1.2021 08:30:00 CET | Andfjord Salmon | Mandatory notification of trade
primary insiders

NorNet AS, a company owned 100% by R&D director in Andfjord Salmon, Ben Tommy
Eriksen, has on 14 January 2021 acquired 350,000 shares in Andfjord Salmon AS.

NorNet AS has acquired the shares from Andfjord Holding AS, a company owned 100%
by founder and chairman of Andfjord Salmon, Roy Pettersen.

After this transaction, Roy Pettersen and associated companies own a total of
7,026,000 shares, equivalent to 19.67% of the total outstanding shares in
Andfjord Salmon AS, while Eriksen and associated companies own 447,000 shares in
Andfjord Salmon AS.

Ben Tommy Eriksen is the inventor of the flow-through technology utilized by
Andfjord Salmon AS. The transfer of shares from Andfjord Holding AS to NorNet
AS, at NOK 30 per share, originates from a past agreement between the two
parties.

DISCLAIMER

This information is subject to the disclosure requirements set out in section
5-12 of the Norwegian Securities Trading Act.

CONTACTS

 * Helge Krøgenes, Chief Commercial Director, +47 930 96 109, helge@andfjord.no 

ABOUT ANDFJORD SALMON

About Andfjord Salmon? 

Andfjord Salmon? has developed an innovative and sustainable aquaculture concept
for land-based farming of Atlantic Salmon. The company's ambition is to build
the world's most sustainable aquaculture facility of its kind. The facility is
escape-proof, lice-free and its highly filtered effluent avoids polluting marine
life. Additionally, the facility will be partly powered by the use of solar
panels and wind turbines.

 

Located at Kvalnes on the island Andøya on the Arctic Archipelago of Vesterålen,
Norway, the company's first facility is currently under construction. The
company holds a license for 10,000 tons Maximum Allowed Biomass (MAB) for
land-based flow-through farming of Atlantic salmon. The company has secured
rights to properties for a potential expansion of an additional 60,000 tonnes
MAB licensed capacity. This is estimated to result in 90 000 tons production
capacity of Atlantic Salmon per year. The further expansion is subject to zoning
of the land and granting of licenses. Andfjord Salmon AS is listed on the Stock
Exchange Euronext Growth Oslo under the ticker ANDF.

 

www.andfjordsalmon.com [http://www.andfjordsalmon.com]