Trondheim,  3 July 2024: Reference is made to the stock exchange announcement by
Norbit  ASA  ("NORBIT"  or  the  "Company")  (Euronext Oslo Børs trading symbol:
NORBT)  of  2 July  2024 (the  "Announcement")  regarding the successful private
placement  raising gross proceeds of approximately NOK 200 million (the "Private
Placement")  at a price per share of  NOK 77 (the "Offer Price"). All terms used
in   this  notice  shall  have  the  meaning  ascribed  to  such  terms  in  the
Announcement.

Mandatory notification of trades

The  following primary insiders  in the Company  and close associates of primary
insiders were allocated Offer Shares in the Private Placement at the Offer Price
as  follows: Reitan Kapital AS ("Reitan  Kapital"), a company closely associated
with the Company's Board member Håkon Kavli, was allocated 257,698 Offer Shares;
Petors  AS,  a  company  closely  associated  with  the Company's CEO Per Jørgen
Weisethaunet, was allocated 25,974 Offer Shares.

Disclosure of share lending

To  facilitate delivery-versus-payment  settlement to  investors in  the Private
Placement, Reitan Kapital has lent existing shares to the Managers pursuant to a
share lending agreement as further detailed in the Announcement.

*Prior  to completion of  the Private Placement,  Reitan Kapital held 5,829,083
shares  in  the  Company  (representing  approximately 9.68% of the issued share
capital  and votes). The  Managers have actually  borrowed 2,597,403 shares from
Reitan  Kapital which will be delivered to investors in the Private  Placement.
During  the  term  of  the  share   loan,  and prior  to the redelivery,  Reitan
Kapital's shareholding in the Company  will  be  reduced  to  3,489,378 shares ,
equivalent  to  approximately  5.55% of  the  issued share capital  and  votes.
Consequently,   Reitan  Kapital has not fallen below the 5% threshold  pursuant
to  section  4-2 (1)  and  (3)  of the Norwegian Securities Trading Act.

The  Board  has  resolved  to  issue  the  2,597,403 Offer Shares in the Private
Placement  pursuant to the authorization granted by the Company's annual general
meeting held on 6 May 2024, all of which will be subscribed by the Managers and,
once  issued, delivered  to Reitan  Kapital as  settlement of shares borrowed in
relation to settlement of the Private Placement.

*See the enclosed forms for further details about the transactions.

For further information, please contact:

Per Jørgen Weisethaunet, CEO, +47 959 62 915
Per Kristian Reppe, CFO, +47 900 33 203

ABOUT NORBIT ASA

NORBIT  is a  global provider  of tailored  technology to selected applications,
solving challenges and promoting sustainability through innovative solutions, in
line  with  its  mission  to  Explore  More.  The company is structured in three
business  segments to address its key  markets: Oceans, Connectivity and Product
Innovation  &  Realization.  The  Oceans  segment  delivers  tailored technology
solutions to global maritime markets. The Connectivity segment provides wireless
solutions  for identification, monitoring and tracking. The Product Innovation &
Realization  segment  offers  R&D  services,  proprietary products, and contract
manufacturing  to  key  customers.  NORBIT  is  headquartered  in Trondheim with
manufacturing  in Europe,  has around  500 employees, and  a worldwide sales and
distribution platform.

For more information: www.norbit.com (http://www.norbit.com)

This  information is  subject to  the disclosure  requirements in  Regulation EU
596/2014 (MAR)  article 19 number 3 and section  4-3 of the Norwegian Securities
Trading Act.