NOT FOR RELEASE, PUBLICATION OR DISTRIBUTION, DIRECTLY OR 
INDIRECTLY, IN OR INTO THE UNITED STATES, AUSTRALIA, CANADA 
OR JAPAN OR IN ANY JURISDICTION IN 

WHICH SUCH RELEASE, PUBLICATION OR DISTRIBUTION WOULD BE 
UNLAWFUL



20 April 2017



Wallenius Lines AB completes sale of 43,104,938 shares in 
Wallenius Wilhelmsen Logistics ASA.

Reference is made to the announcement by Wallenius Lines AB 
("Wallenius") on 19 April 2017 regarding a bookbuilding for 
sale of shares in Wallenius Wilhelmsen Logistics ASA 
(the "Company"). 

Wallenius has today completed the sale of 43,104,938 shares 
in the Company at a price of NOK 40 per share 
(the "Placement"). The trade date for the Placement is 20 
April 2017, with settlement expected to occur on 24 April 
2017.

Following the Placement, Wallenius owns 160,000,000 shares 
in the Company, representing 37.8% of the share capital and 
the votes in the Company.

Arctic Securities AS, Nordea Bank AB (publ), filial i Norge 
and Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (publ) Oslo Branch 
acted as Joint Bookrunners for the Placement.

Wallenius is represented on the Board of Directors of the 
Company. 

This information is subject to the disclosure requirement 
set out in section 4-2 of the Norwegian Securities Trading 
Act.



Wallenius Lines AB



Important Notice



The distribution of this announcement and the offer and sale 
of the shares in certain jurisdictions may be restricted by 
law.  The shares may not be offered to the public in any 
jurisdiction in circumstances which would require the 
preparation or registration of any prospectus or offering 
document relating to the shares in such jurisdiction.  No 
action has been taken by Wallenius or the Joint Bookrunners 
or any of their respective affiliates that would permit an 
offering of the shares or possession or distribution of this 
announcement or any other offering or publicity material 
relating to such securities in any jurisdiction where action 
for that purpose is required. Persons into whose possession 
this announcement comes are required to inform themselves 
about and to observe any such restrictions. Any failure to 
comply with these restrictions may constitute a violation of 
the securities laws of any such jurisdiction.



This press release is for information purposes only and does 
not constitute or form a part of an offer to sell or a 
solicitation of an offer to purchase any security of the 
Company in the United States or in any other jurisdiction 
where such offer or solicitation is unlawful. The securities 
of the Company described in this press release have not been 
and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 
1933, as amended (the "Securities Act"), or any applicable 
state or foreign securities laws and may not be offered or 
sold in the United States absent registration or an 
exemption from the registration requirements of the 
Securities Act.  There will be no public offering of 
securities in the United States.