NOT FOR PUBLICATION, DISTRIBUTION OR RELEASE, IN WHOLE OR IN PART, DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY, IN OR INTO THE UNITED STATES, AUSTRALIA, CANADA, JAPAN OR ANY OTHER JURISDICTION IN WHICH SUCH RELEASE, PUBLICATION OR DISTRIBUTION WOULD BE UNLAWFUL. THIS ANNOUNCEMENT DOES NOT CONSTITUTE AN OFFER OF THE SECURITIES DESCRIBED HEREIN. 

Oslo, 7. May 2025. 

DELIVERY OF PRIVATE PLACEMENT SHARES AND PRE-COMMITMENT FEE SHARES 

Reference is made to the announcement by Induct AS ("Induct" or the "Company") on 24 April 2025 regarding the private placement of new shares in the Company with gross proceeds in the amount of approximately NOK 14.5 million through the placement of 4,816,586 new shares (the "New Shares") at a subscription price of NOK 3.00 per share (the "Offer Price") (the "Private Placement") and the issue of 481,655 new shares as pre-commitment fee (the "Pre-commitment Shares"). 

In order to facilitate a quicker settlement and delivery of the New Shares and the Pre-commitment Shares, the board has resolved the consummation of the Private Placement by the issuance of the New Shares and the Pre-commitment shares pursuant to an authorisation granted by the annual general meeting 14 June 2024. 

ISSUE OF SHARES TO EMPLOYEES AND SUPPLIER 

In connection with the Private Placement, the Company has decided to settle debt to two employees (the "Employees") and a supplier (the "Supplier") by issuance of new shares and settle the Company's claim on share contribution by way of set off against the Company's debt to the Employees and Supplier. The Supplier has subscribed for 83 333 new shares at the Offer Price, and one of the Employees has subscribed for 60 000 new shares at the Offer Price. 

Further, with regard to the second Employee, reference is made to the stock exchange notice published by the Company on 31 December 2024 regarding CTO Ignacio Orteu's (the "CTO") conversion of sign-on bonus into 50,000 new shares in the Company (the "Bonus Shares"). The Company has now resolved to issue the said shares. The CTO has subscribed for the Bonus Shares at a subscription price of NOK 2.20 in accordance with his employment agreement with the Company. 

ISSUE OF SHARES TO CLOSE ASSOCIATE OF PRIMARY INSIDER 

In 2023, NPP Capital AS ("NPP"), a close associate of Alf Martin Johansen and part of the executive management team, transferred 20,000 shares on behalf of the Company to a new employee. The transfer was made to settle the Company's obligation to issue 20,000 sign-on shares at a subscription price of NOK 6 per share. Following this transfer, NPP assumed the employee's entitlement to be issued 20,000 shares at the said subscription price. In connection with the Private Placement, the board has resolved to issue 20,000 shares to NPP at a subscription price of NOK 6 per share. to settle the Company's obligation to NPP. 

Primary insider notification pursuant to the EU Market Abuse Regulation Article 19 is attached.

Following registration of the share capital increases resolved by the board with the Norwegian Register of Business Enterprises, the Company will have a share capital of NOK 2,885,899.80 divided into 28,858,998 shares, each with a par value of NOK 0.10. Each share represents one vote at the Company's general meeting.


***
For further information, please contact:
Synnøve Jacobsen, CEO
sj@induct.net
+47 994 15 447

***

IMPORTANT INFORMATION

This announcement is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of offers to purchase or subscribe for shares. Copies of this announcement may not be sent to jurisdictions, or distributed in or sent from jurisdictions, in which this is barred or prohibited by law. The information contained herein shall not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy, in any jurisdiction in which such offer or solicitation would be unlawful absent registration, or an exemption from registration or qualification under the securities laws of any jurisdiction. 

This document is not for publication or distribution in, directly or indirectly, Australia, Canada, Japan, Hong Kong or the United States or any other jurisdiction in which such release, publication or distribution would be unlawful, and it does not constitute an offer or invitation to subscribe for or purchase any securities in such countries or in any other jurisdiction. In particular, the document and the information contained herein should not be distributed or otherwise transmitted into the United States or to publications with a general circulation in the United States of America. 

This announcement is not an offer for sale of securities in the United States. Securities may not be offered or sold in the United States absent registration with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission or an exemption from registration under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act"). The Company does not intend to register any part of the offering in the United States or to conduct a public offering in the United States of the shares to which this document relates. 

This announcement is for information purposes only and is not to be relied upon in substitution for the exercise of independent judgment. It is not intended as investment advice and under no circumstances is it to be used or considered as an offer to sell, or a solicitation of an offer to buy any securities or a recommendation to buy or sell any securities of the Company. 

This announcement and any materials distributed in connection with this announcement may contain certain forward-looking statements. By their nature, forward-looking statements involve risk and uncertainty because they reflect current expectations and assumptions as to future events and circumstances that may not prove accurate. A number of material factors could cause actual results and developments to differ materially from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. 

The Company expressly disclaims any obligation or undertaking to update, review or revise any statement contained in this announcement whether as a result of new information, future developments or otherwise.

DISCLOSURE REGULATION 
This information is subject of the disclosure requirements pursuant to the EU Market Abuse Regulation article 19 section of 5-12 of the Norwegian Securities Trading Act.
