(Nedre Vats, 27 April 2023): AutoStore Holdings Ltd (AutoStore, OSE:AUTO)
Reference is made to the equity incentive plan of AutoStore.

In an exercise window opened in connection with the publication of the Company's
Q1 2023 results, option holders under the Company's equity incentive plan have
exercised a total of 12,985,330 options with a strike price of NOK 3.84351 per
share.

Please see attached form of notification and public disclosure regarding option
exercise by primary insiders.

Primary insider Carlos Fernandez and certain other option holders have
transferred their rights to receive the new shares following the exercise of
options to Carnegie AS in order to complete a joint sale of up to approximately
11 million shares. Such sale will take place as an accelerated bookbuilding
process and the results of the sales process will be announced in a separate
stock exchange notice.

This is the first exercise window following the IPO and the Company plans to
have quarterly option exercise windows following release of interim financial
statements going forward. The exercised options will be settled by delivery of
treasury shares held by AutoStore.

This information is subject to the disclosure requirements under article 19 of
the Regulation EU 596/2014 (the Market Abuse Regulation) and section 5-12 of the
Norwegian Securities Trading Act.

For further information, please contact:

Hiva Flåskjer

VP Investor Relations

Tel: +47 958 66 790

Email: hiva.flaskjer@autostoresystem.com

About AutoStore

AutoStoreT, founded in 1996, is a technology company that develops order
-fulfillment solutions to help businesses achieve efficiency gains within the
storage and retrieval of goods. The company offers both hardware and software
capabilities and the AutoStore technology is interoperable with other third
-party solutions.

AutoStore is global, with ~1,200 Systems in 49 countries. All sales are
distributed, designed, installed, and serviced by a network of qualified system
integrators referred to as "partners".

AutoStore was founded in Nedre Vats, on the west coast of Norway. The company
has offices in Norway, the U.S., UK, Germany, France, Spain, Italy, Austria,
South Korea, Japan, Australia, and Singapore, as well as assembly facilities in
Poland.