11.6.2021 13:54:26 CEST | Andfjord Salmon | Mandatory notification of trade
primary insiders

NorNet AS, a company owned 100% by R&D director in Andfjord Salmon, Ben Tommy
Eriksen, has on june 11 th. 2021 acquired 28,571 shares in Andfjord Salmon AS.

NorNet AS has acquired the shares from Okeanos Blue AS, a company owned 100%

by Helge Krøgenes who hold a position as CCO in Andfjord Salmon AS.



After this transaction, Helge Krøgenes and associated companies own a total of

1,379,908 shares, equivalent to 3.85% of the total outstanding shares in

Andfjord Salmon AS, while Eriksen and associated companies own 475,571 shares,

equivalent to 1.33% of the total outstanding shares in Andfjord Salmon AS

 

Ben Tommy Eriksen is the inventor of the flow-through technology utilized by

Andfjord Salmon AS. The transfer of shares from Andfjord Holding AS to

Ben Tommy Eriksen, at NOK 44 per share, originates from a past agreement

between the two parties.

 

DISCLOSURE REGULATION

This information is subject to the disclosure requirements set out in section
5-12 of the Norwegian Securities Trading Act.

CONTACTS

 * Bjarne Martinsen, CFO, Andfjord Salmon AS, +4797508345,
   bjarne.martinsen@andfjord.no 

ABOUT ANDFJORD SALMON

About Andfjord Salmon AS

Andfjord Salmon has developed an innovative and sustainable aquaculture concept
for shore-based farming of Atlantic salmon, based on a flow-through farming
concept. The company's ambition is to build the world's most sustainable
aquaculture facility of its kind. The facility is escape-proof, lice-free and
its highly filtered effluent avoids polluting marine life. 

Located at Kvalnes on the island of Andøya on the Arctic Archipelago of
Vesterålen, Norway, the company's first facility is currently under
construction. The company holds a license to produce 12 600 tonnes (HOG) for
land-based farming of Atlantic salmon and has secured rights to land for a
planned expansion of an additional 77,400 tonnes (HOG) production capacity.
Further expansion is subject to the zoning of the land and granting of licenses. 

Andfjord Salmon AS is listed on Euronext Growth under the ticker ANDF. 
www.andfjordsalmon.com - http://www.andfjordsalmon.com/ 

The information in this announcement is subject to disclosure requirements under
the EU Market Abuse Regulation and Euronext Growth listing rules. The
information was submitted for publication by the contact person set out above.