


NOT FOR DISTRIBUTION OR RELEASE, DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY IN OR INTO THE UNITED
STATES, CANADA, JAPAN OR AUSTRALIA OR ANY OTHER JURISDICTION IN WHICH THE
DISTRIBUTION OR RELEASE WOULD BE UNLAWFUL. OTHER RESTRICTIONS ARE APPLICABLE.
PLEASE SEE THE IMPORTANT INFORMATION AT THE END OF THE ANNOUNCEMENT

Oslo, 9 August 2016: Reference is made to the stock exchange announcement dated
9 August 2016 regarding the final result of the subsequent offering in Targovax
ASA ("Targovax" or the "Company").

The following overview sets out the number of new shares allocated to primary
insiders in the Company in the subsequent offering:

Robert Forbes Burns has been allocated 5,000 shares. Following completion of the
subsequent offering Robert Forbes Burns owns 34,063 shares in the Company,
representing approximately 0,1% of the shares and votes in the Company.

For further information, please contact:

Gunnar Gårdemyr, CEO
Phone: +46 73 083 77 79
Email: ggardemyr@targovax.com

Øystein Soug, CFO
Phone: +47 906 56 525
Email: oystein.soug@targovax.com

ABOUT TARGOVAX:
Targovax is a clinical stage immuno-oncology company dedicated to the
development of highly targeted immunotherapies for cancer patients. Targovax is
developing two complementary and highly targeted approaches in immuno-oncology:
a peptide-based immunotherapy platform for patients with RAS-mutated cancers and
a virus-based immunotherapy platform based on engineered oncolytic viruses armed
with potent immune-stimulating transgenes for patients with solid tumors.

IMPORTANT INFORMATION
This communication may not be published, distributed or transmitted in the
United States, Canada, Australia or Japan. These materials do not constitute an
offer of securities for sale or a solicitation of an offer to purchase
securities of the Company in the United States, Norway or any other
jurisdiction. The securities of the Company may not be offered or sold in the
United States absent registration or an exemption from registration under the
U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "U.S. Securities Act"). The
securities of the Company have not been, and will not be, registered under the
U.S. Securities Act. Any sale in the United States of the securities mentioned
in this communication will be made solely to "qualified institutional buyers" as
defined in Rule 144A under the U.S. Securities Act and to major U.S.
institutional investors under SEC Rule 15a-6 to the United States Exchange Act
of 1934. No public offering of the securities will be made in the United States.

Any offering of securities will be made by means of a prospectus to be published
that may be obtained from the issuer or selling security holder, once published,
and that will contain detailed information about the Company and its management,
as well as financial statements. These materials are an advertisement and not a
prospectus for the purposes of Directive 2003/71/EC, as amended (together with
any applicable implementing measures in any Member State, the "Prospectus
Directive"). Investors should not subscribe for any securities referred to in
these materials except on the basis of information contained in the prospectus.
In any EEA Member State other than Norway (from the time the prospectus has been
approved by the Financial Supervisory Authority of Norway, in its capacity as
the competent authority in Norway, and published in accordance with the
Prospectus Directive as implemented in Norway) that has implemented the
Prospectus Directive, this communication is only addressed to and is only
directed at "qualified investors" in that Member State within the meaning of
Article 2(1)(e) of the Prospectus Directive ("Qualified Investors"), i.e., only
to investors to whom an offer of securities may be made without the requirement
for the Company to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus
Directive in such EEA Member State.

In the United Kingdom, this communication is only addressed to and is only
directed at Qualified Investors who (i) are investment professionals falling
within Article 19(5) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial
Promotion) Order 2005 (as amended) (the "Order") or (ii) are persons falling
within Article 49(2)(a) to (d) of the Order (high net worth companies,
unincorporated associations, etc.) (all such persons together being referred to
as "Relevant Persons"). These materials are directed only at Relevant Persons
and must not be acted on or relied on by persons who are not Relevant Persons.
Any investment or investment activity to which this document relates is
available only to Relevant Persons and will be engaged in only with Relevant
Persons. Persons distributing this communication must satisfy themselves that it
is lawful to do so.

Matters discussed in this announcement may constitute forward-looking
statements. Forward-looking statements are statements that are not historical
facts and may be identified by words such as "anticipate", "believe",
"continue", "estimate", "expect", "intends", "may", "should", "will" and similar
expressions. The forward-looking statements in this release are based upon
various assumptions, many of which are based, in turn, upon further assumptions.
Although the Company believes that these assumptions were reasonable when made,
these assumptions are inherently subject to significant known and unknown risks,
uncertainties, contingencies and other important factors which are difficult or
impossible to predict and are beyond its control. Such risks, uncertainties,
contingencies and other important factors could cause actual events to differ
materially from the expectations expressed or implied in this release by such
forward-looking statements.

The information, opinions and forward-looking statements contained in this
announcement speak only as at its date, and are subject to change without
notice.

The distribution of this announcement and other information may be restricted by
law in certain jurisdictions.



[HUG#2034057] 
    