NOT FOR DISTRIBUTION OR RELEASE, DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY, IN OR INTO THE UNITED
STATES OR ANY OTHER JURISDICTION IN WHICH THE DISTRIBUTION OR RELEASE WOULD BE
UNLAWFUL.

With reference to the previous announcement dated 30 November 2022, Veidekke ASA
has acquired 2,500,000 shares at NOK 97.5 per share. After the transaction
Veidekke ASA owns 2,500,000 shares, approximately 1.9% of the outstanding
shares.

OBOS, a related party to Daniel Kjørberg Siraj, Member of the Board of Veidekke,
have in connection with the share buyback sold 176,752 shares in Veidekke ASA at
a price of NOK 97.5 per share. After the sale of shares, OBOS holds 26,341,564
shares corresponding to an ownership share of 19.52%

The share buyback was completed by way of a reversed bookbuilding.

The trade date of the share buyback will be 2 December 2022 and the settlement
date will be 5 December 2022.

Skandinaviska Banken Enskilda AB acted as manager for the share buyback.

 ***

For Veidekke ASA
Jørgen Wiese Porsmyr, CFO
Tel: + 47 907 59 058

This information is subject to the disclosure requirements pursuant to section 5
-12 of the Norwegian Securities Trading Act.

***

The buyback and the distribution of this announcement and other information in
connection therewith may be restricted by law in certain jurisdictions.

The Company and the Manager do not assume any responsibility in the event there
is a violation by any person of such restrictions. Persons into whose possession
this announcement or such other information should come are required to inform
themselves about and to observe any such restrictions.

The buyback is not being made directly or indirectly in, or by use of the mails
of, or by any means or instrumentality of interstate or foreign commerce of, or
any facilities of a national securities exchange of, the United States of
America, its territories and possessions, any State of the United States and the
District of Columbia (the "United States") or any other jurisdiction in which
this would be unlawful. This includes, but is not limited to, facsimile
transmission, internet delivery, e-mail, telex and telephones. Accordingly,
copies of this release and any related documents are not being, and must not be,
mailed, e-mailed or otherwise distributed or sent in or into the United States
and so doing may invalidate any purported sales offer.