


ASKER, NORWAY (10 May 2018) - The Annual General Meeting of TGS held on 8 May
2018, decided that each of the Directors, other than the Chairman, should
receive 1650 restricted shares in the Company on 9 May 2018 as part of their
compensation. The shares were transferred to the Directors on 9 May 2018.

The attachment shows the number of restricted shares awarded on 9 May 2018 and
the total number of shares held by each of the Directors.

The Company has distributed the restricted shares to the Directors from its
balance of treasury shares. Following the transfer of restricted shares to the
Directors, TGS holds 104,630 of the issued shares as treasury shares.



Company summary

TGS-NOPEC Geophysical Company (TGS) provides multi-client geoscience data to oil
and gas Exploration and Production companies worldwide.  In addition to
extensive global geophysical and geological data libraries that include multi-
client seismic data, magnetic and gravity data, digital well logs, production
data and directional surveys, TGS also offers advanced processing and imaging
services, interpretation products, permanent reservoir monitoring and data
integration solutions.

For more information visit TGS online at www.tgs.com.



Forward-looking statements and contact information

All statements in this press release other than statements of historical fact
are forward-looking statements, which are subject to a number of
risks, uncertainties and assumptions that are difficult to predict, and are
based upon assumptions as to future events that may not prove accurate. These
factors include TGS' reliance on a cyclical industry and principal customers,
TGS' ability to continue to expand markets for licensing of data, and TGS'
ability to acquire and process data products at costs commensurate with
profitability. Actual results may differ materially from those expected or
projected in the forward-looking statements. TGS undertakes no responsibility or
obligation to update or alter forward-looking statements for any reason.

TGS-NOPEC Geophysical Company ASA is listed on the Oslo Stock
Exchange (OSLO:TGS).

TGS sponsored American Depositary Shares trade on the U.S. over-the-counter
market under the symbol "TGSGY".



For additional information about this press release please contact:

Sven Børre Larsen
Chief Financial Officer
Tel: +47 90 94 36 73
Email: sven.larsen@tgs.com


Will Ashby
VP HR & Communication
Tel: +1 713 860 2184
Email: will.ashby@tgs.com



This information is subject of the disclosure requirements acc. to §5-
12 vphl (Norwegian Securities Trading Act)





 
    