Oslo, Norway, June 7, 2021

Photocure ASA ("Photocure" or the "Company") has decided to initiate a buyback
of up to 50,000 of its own shares for a total maximum amount of NOK 12,500,000.
The buyback program may be carried out in the period from this announcement and
until June 30, 2021.

The purpose of the program is to acquire shares that can be used as settlement
in the Company's share-based incentive scheme. Any acquired shares may also be
used for subsequent reduction of the capital of the Company or to meet
obligations arising from debt financial instruments that are exchangeable into
equity instruments in compliance with the EU Market Abuse Regulation article 5,
and as approved by the general meeting of the Company.

The buybacks will be made in accordance with the authorisation granted to the
board of directors by the Company's annual general meeting held on May 20, 2021.
According to the authorisation, up to 2,682,000 shares may be purchased at a
minimum of NOK 0.50 and a maximum of NOK 250 per share. The authorisation is
valid until the annual general meeting in 2022, however no later than June 30,
2022.

All acquisitions under the buyback program will be executed on Euronext Oslo
Børs. The execution of any repurchases will depend on market conditions, the
buyback programme may be discontinued at any time and the Company may resolve to
terminate the buyback programme before the threshold set out above is reached.

Photocure owns 21,010 own shares in the Company as of the date of this
announcement.

For further information, please contact:
Photocure
CFO Erik Dahl
Tel: +47 450 55 000
Email: ed@photocure.com

About Photocure ASA
Photocure: The Bladder Cancer Company delivers transformative solutions to
improve the lives of bladder cancer patients. Our unique technology, making
cancer cells glow bright pink, has led to better health outcomes for patients
worldwide. Photocure is headquartered in Oslo, Norway, and listed on the Oslo
Stock Exchange (OSE: PHO). For more information, please visit us at
www.photocure.com, www.hexvix.com or www.cysview.com

All trademarks mentioned in this release are protected by law and are registered
trademarks of Photocure ASA.

This is information is made public by the Company pursuant to the EU Market
Abuse Regulation article 5, as supplemented by Commission Delegated Regulation
(EU) 2016/1052, and is subject to the disclosure requirements pursuant to
Section 5-12 the Norwegian Securities Trading Act.