Reference is made to the announcement by Ensurge Micropower ASA (the "Company")
on 26 August 2025, whereby the Board of Directors resolved to grant a total of
10,390,000 incentive subscription rights ("SRs") to certain employees in the
Ensurge group.  The grant was made under the Company's 2025 Incentive
Subscription Rights Plan. Please see the referenced announcement for terms
relating to the granted subscription rights.

Primary insider:
Ensurge Micropower ASA discloses transaction under the 2025 SR-Plan by grants of
SRs to the following primary insiders:
Lars Eikeland, CFO - 2,000,000 SRs
Arvind Kamath, EVP Technology Development - 2,100,000 SRs
Jay Tu, VP Operations - 1,200,000 SRs
Shoba Rao, VP Manufacturing - 1,000,000 SRs
Ståle Bjørnstad, IR and Business Development - 500,000 SRs

Please see the enclosed form for further details about the transaction.

About Ensurge Micropower:
Ensurge is energizing innovation with the first ultrathin, flexible, reliable,
and fundamentally safe solid-state lithium microbattery.

With a workforce of forty top-tier specialists based in the world's technology
capital, Silicon Valley, Ensurge has developed a future-oriented and innovative
microbattery technology. The microbattery is ideal for form-factor-constrained
applications, including hearables, digital and health wearables, sports and
fitness devices, and IoT sensor solutions that use energy harvesting to power
everyday things.

The Company's state-of-the-art manufacturing facility combines patented process
technology and materials innovation, with the scale of roll-to-roll production
methods, to bring the advantages of Ensurge technology to established and
expanding markets.

Ensurge's production facilities are optimized for prototyping and small-scale
manufacturing. To scale efficiently, we aim to outsource the production of the
resulting intellectual property (IP) to specialized partners with industrial
manufacturing expertise.

Ensurge is listed on the Norwegian stock exchange and is financed out of Norway
by strong and reputable financial investors, reflecting both a strategic
investment and a robust transatlantic collaboration.

This information is subject to the disclosure requirements pursuant to section
5-12 of the Norwegian Securities Trading Act.
