


ASKER, NORWAY (31 May 2017) - 12 option holders have today, exercised in total
105,375 stock options. All the options were exercised from the award in August
2012 secured by treasury shares at an exercise price of NOK 174.40 per share.
Following the exercise, TGS holds 116,180 treasury shares.

The following primary insiders in TGS have on 31 May 2017 traded TGS shares
related to their exercise of stock options:

Kristian Johansen, CEO, has exercised 27,000 stock options and sold 23,500
shares in TGS at an average price of NOK 178.64 per share. After this
transaction, Kristian Johansen holds 14,500 shares in TGS.

Knut Agersborg, VP Operations, has exercised 11,000 stock options and sold the
same number of shares in TGS at an average price of NOK 178.64 per share. After
this transaction, Knut Agersborg holds 3,700 shares in TGS.

Attached is the list of the primary insiders exercising stock options.



Company Summary

TGS-NOPEC Geophysical Company (TGS) provides multi-client geoscience data to oil
and gas Exploration and Production companies worldwide.  In addition to
extensive global geophysical and geological data libraries that include multi-
client seismic data, magnetic and gravity data, digital well logs, production
data and directional surveys, TGS also offers advanced processing and imaging
services, interpretation products, and data integration solutions.

For more information visit TGS online at www.tgs.com.


Forward-looking statements and contact information

All statements in this press release other than statements of historical fact
are forward-looking statements, which are subject to a number of risks,
uncertainties and assumptions that are difficult to predict, and are based upon
assumptions as to future events that may not prove accurate. These factors
include TGS' reliance on a cyclical industry and principle customers, TGS'
ability to continue to expand markets for licensing of data, and TGS' ability to
acquire and process data products at costs commensurate with profitability.
Actual results may differ materially from those expected or projected in the
forward-looking statements. TGS undertakes no responsibility or obligation to
update or alter forward-looking statements for any reason.

TGS-NOPEC Geophysical Company ASA is listed on the Oslo Stock Exchange
(OSLO:TGS).

TGS sponsored American Depositary Shares trade on the U.S. over-the-counter
market under the symbol "TGSGY".



For additional information about this press release please contact:

Sven Børre Larsen
Chief Financial Officer
Tel: +47 90 94 36 73
Email: sven.larsen@tgs.com

Will Ashby
VP HR & Communication
Tel: +1 713 860 2184
Email: will.ashby@tgs.com




This information is subject of the disclosure requirements pursuant to section
5-12 of the Norwegian Securities Trading Act.


 
    