


This announcement is not for release, publication or distribution (directly or
indirectly) in or to the United States, Canada, Australia or Japan. It is not an
offer of securities for sale in or into the United States, Canada, Australia,
the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of the People's Republic of China,
South Africa or Japan.
This announcement is not an offer of securities for sale in the United States.
The new shares to which this announcement relates have not been and will not be
registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the
"Securities Act"), and may not be offered or sold in the United States absent
registration or an exemption from registration under the Securities Act. There
will not be a public offering of shares in the United States.

BW OFFSHORE: MANDATORY NOTIFICATION OF TRADE

14 July  2016: Reference is made to the stock exchange announcement dated 1 July
2016 regarding  the  commencement  of  the  subscription  period  in  the  fully
underwritten  rights  issue  (the  "Rights  Issue")  by BW Offshore Limited (the
"Company")  of  8,559,810,000 new  common  shares  of  USD 0.01 each (the "Offer
Shares")  at a subscription price of NOK 0.10 per Offer Share (the "Subscription
Price").

On  13 July  2016, the  following  primary  insiders  have  subscribed  for  the
following  number of Offer Shares in the  Rights Issue at the Subscription Price
and made the following trades in securities issued by the Company:

  * Knut Sæthre (CFO) has purchased 1,934,806 subscription rights at a price of
    NOK 0.0715 per subscription right (NOK 138,338.63 in total), subscribed for
    12,500,000 Offer Shares out of which the allocation of 10,000,000 Offer
    Shares is secured by subscriptions rights, and sold all his 645,906 shares
    at price of NOK 0.1912 (NOK 123,497.23 in total). Following completion of
    the Rights Issue and provided that he is allocated all 12,500,000 Offer
    Shares subscribed for, Knut Sæthre will hold 12,500,000 shares in the
    Company (representing approximately 0.1352% of the votes and shares in the
    Company).

  * Ketil Eik (SVP Treasury) has subscribed for 3,500,000 Offer Shares out of
    which the allocation of 1,872,996 Offer Shares is secured by subscriptions
    rights. Following completion of the Rights Issue and provided that he is
    allocated all 3,500,000 Offer Shares subscribed for, Ketil Eik will hold
    3,650,000 shares in the Company (representing approximately 0.0395% of the
    votes and shares in the Company).

  * Christina Chu (Manager Office Management & Administration) has subscribed
    for 26,708 Offer Shares for a total amount of NOK 2,670.8. Following
    completion of the Rights Issue, Christina Chu will hold 28,847 shares in the
    Company (representing approximately 0.0003% of the votes and shares in the
    Company).


The subscriptions have been made according to the terms and conditions for the
Rights Issue described in the prospectus dated 30 June 2016 (the "Prospectus")
prepared in connection with the Rights Issue.


For further information, please contact:

Knut R. Sæthre, Chief Financial Officer, +47 911 17 876



About BW Offshore:

BW  Offshore is a leading global provider of floating production services to the
oil  and gas  industry. BW  Offshore has  a fleet  of 14 owned FPSOs and one FSO
represented in all major oil & gas regions world-wide. The company also operates
two  additional FPSOs. BW Offshore has a  long track record on project execution
and  operations. In more  than 30 years of  production, BW Offshore has executed
38 FPSO and FSO projects. The company is listed on the Oslo Stock Exchange.

Further information is available on www.bwoffshore.com.

This  information is subject of the  disclosure requirements pursuant to section
5-12 of the Norwegian Securities Trading Act.



IMORTANT INFORMATION:

This  announcement  is  not  an  offer  to  sell  or a solicitation of offers to
purchase  or subscribe for securities of  BW Offshore Limited. This announcement
is  not  a  prospectus  for  the  purposes  of Directive 2003/71/EC (as amended,
together  with any  applicable implementing  measures in  any Member  State, the
"Prospectus  Directive").  Copies  of  this  announcement  may  not  be  sent to
jurisdictions,  or distributed in  or sent from  jurisdictions, in which this is
barred  or  prohibited  by  law.  The  information  contained  herein  shall not
constitute  an offer  to sell  or the  solicitation of  an offer  to buy, in any
jurisdiction  in which  such offer  or solicitation  would be  unlawful prior to
registration,  exemption from registration or qualification under the securities
laws  of any  jurisdiction. A  decision to  invest in  securities of BW Offshore
Limited  referred to  in this  announcement should  be based  exclusively on the
prospectus published by BW Offshore Limited for such purpose.

This announcement and the information contained herein is not for publication or
distribution  into the United States of America and should not be distributed or
otherwise  transmitted into  the United  States or  publications with  a general
circulation in the United States. This announcement does not constitute an offer
or  invitation to  subscribe for  or to  purchase any  securities in  the United
States  of America. The new shares referred to herein have not been and will not
be  registered under the Securities Act or the  laws of any state and may not be
offered  or  sold  in  the  United  States  of America absent registration or an
exemption  from registration under  the U.S. Securities  Act of 1933, as amended
(the  "Securities Act"). There will  be no public offering  of the new shares in
the United States of America.

The  information contained herein does not  constitute an offer of securities to
the  public  in  the  United  Kingdom.  No prospectus offering securities to the
public  will be published in the United Kingdom. This announcement is only being
distributed  to and is only  directed at (i) persons  who are outside the United
Kingdom  or (ii) to investment professionals falling within article 19(5) of the
Financial  Services and  Markets Act  2000 (Financial Promotion)  Order 2005 (as
amended,  the "Order") or  (iii) high net  worth entities, and  other persons to
whom  it may lawfully be communicated, falling within article 49(2)(a) to (d) of
the Order (all such persons together being referred to as "relevant persons").

The  new shares are only available to, and any invitation, offer or agreement to
subscribe,  purchase or  otherwise acquire  such Shares  will be engaged in only
with,  relevant persons. Any person who is  not a relevant person should not act
or rely on this announcement or any of its contents.

Any  offer of securities to the public that may be deemed to be made pursuant to
this  communication  in  any  EEA  Member  State that has implemented Prospectus
Directive  is only addressed to qualified  investors in that Member State within
the meaning of the Prospectus Directive.

This   publication   may   contain  specific  forward-looking  statements,  e.g.
statements  including  terms  like  "believe,"  "assume,"  "expect," "forecast,"
"project," "may," "could," "might," "will" or similar expressions. Such forward-
looking  statements are  subject to  known and  unknown risks, uncertainties and
other  factors which may  result in a  substantial divergence between the actual
results,  financial situation, development or performance of BW Offshore Limited
and  those explicitly  or implicitly  presumed in  these statements. Against the
background  of these uncertainties, readers should  not rely on forward- looking
statements.  BW Offshore Limited  assumes no responsibility  to up-date forward-
looking statements or to adapt them to future events or developments.

This  information is subject to the  disclosure requirements pursuant to section
5-12 of the Norwegian Securities Trading Act.




[HUG#2028526] 
    