Reference is made to the stock exchange notice from Bergen Carbon Solutions AS (“BCS” or the “Company”) published 9 February 2022 regarding the completed private placement of 4,629,629 new shares (the “Offer Shares”) in the Company (the “Private Placement”).

Awilco AS, a company closely associated with Terje Fatnes, member of the Company's board of directors and primary insider in the Company, was allocated and subscribed for 533,037 shares in the Private Placement. Following this transaction, Awilco AS owns 4,716,687 shares in the Company.

Saga Pure, a company closely associated with Bjørn Simonsen, member of the Company's board of directors and primary insider in the Company, was allocated and subscribed for 462,962 shares in the Private Placement. Following this transaction, Saga Pure owns 9,416,962 shares in the Company.

Skansen Holding Bergen AS, a company controlled by Dag Skansen, chairman of the Company's board of directors and primary insider in the Company, was allocated and subscribed for 11,111 shares in the Private Placement. Following this transaction, Skansen Holding Bergen AS owns 286,111 shares in the Company.

TEF Invest AS, a company controlled by Terje Fatnes, member of the Company's board of directors and primary insider in the Company, was allocated and subscribed for 11,111 shares in the Private Placement. Following this transaction, TEF Invest AS owns 68,111 shares in the Company.

J&H Capital AS, a company controlled by Jan Børge Sagmo and his immediate family, CEO and primary insider in the Company, was allocated and subscribed for 9,259 shares in the Private Placement. Following this transaction, Jan Børge Sagmo directly and indirectly owns 2,289,259 shares in the Company.
Please refer to the attached notifications of trading for further details. For further information, please contact: 
For further information, please contact: 

Jan B. Sagmo, CEO, janbsagmo@bergencarbonsolutions.com, +47 473 72 701 

Dag V. Skansen, Chairman, dag.skansen@skansenholding.no, +47 909 57 585

About Bergen Carbon Solutions | www.bergencarbonsolutions.com | Bergen Carbon Solutions uses innovative technology to produce carbon nanofibers, using CO₂ and Norwegian hydropower. This makes the production unique and environmentally friendly. Bergen Carbon Solutions is listed on Euronext Growth under the ticker BCS.

IMPORTANT NOTICE
This announcement is not and does not form a part of any offer to sell, or a solicitation of an offer to purchase, any securities of the Company. Copies of this announcement are not being made and may not be distributed or sent into any jurisdiction in which such distribution would be unlawful or would require registration or other measures.

The securities referred to in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "U.S. Securities Act"), and may not be offered or sold in the United States absent registration or an exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the registration requirements of the U.S. Securities Act and in accordance with applicable U.S. state securities laws. The Company does not intend to register any securities referred to herein in the United States or to conduct a public offering of securities in the United States. Any sale in the United States of the securities mentioned in this announcement will be made solely to "qualified institutional buyers" as defined in Rule 144A under the Securities Act.

In any EEA Member State, this communication is only addressed to and is only directed at qualified investors in that Member State within the meaning of the EU Prospectus Regulation, i.e., only to investors who can receive the offer without an approved prospectus in such EEA Member State. The expression "EU Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 14 June 2017 (together with any applicable implementing measures in any Member State). 

This communication is only being distributed to and is only directed at persons in the United Kingdom that are Qualified Investors and that are (i) investment professionals falling within Article 19(5) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion) Order 2005, as amended (the "Order") or (ii) high net worth entities, and other persons to whom this announcement may lawfully be communicated, falling within Article 49(2)(a) to (d) of the Order (all such persons together being referred to as "relevant persons"). This communication must not be acted on or relied on by persons who are not relevant persons. Any investment or investment activity to which this communication relates is available only to relevant persons and will be engaged in only with relevant persons. Persons distributing this communication must satisfy themselves that it is lawful to do so. 

This announcement is made by, and is the responsibility of, the Company. The Managers and their affiliates are acting exclusively for the Company and no one else in connection with the Private Placement. They will not regard any other person as their respective clients in relation to the Private Placement and will not be responsible to anyone other than the Company, for providing the protections afforded to their respective clients, nor for providing advice in relation to the Private Placement, the contents of this announcement or any transaction, arrangement or other matter referred to herein. 

Matters discussed in this announcement may constitute forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements are statements that are not historical facts and may be identified by words such as "believe", "aims", "expect", "anticipate", "intends", "estimate", "will", "may", "continue", "should" and similar expressions. The forward-looking statements in this release are based upon various assumptions, many of which are based, in turn, upon further assumptions. Although the Company believes that these assumptions were reasonable when made, these assumptions are inherently subject to significant known and unknown risks, uncertainties, contingencies, and other important factors which are difficult or impossible to predict and are beyond its control. Actual events may differ significantly from any anticipated development due to a number of factors, including without limitation, changes in public sector investment levels, changes in the general economic, political and market conditions in the markets in which the Company operates, the Company's ability to attract, retain and motivate qualified personnel, changes in the Company's ability to engage in commercially acceptable acquisitions and strategic investments, and changes in laws and regulation and the potential impact of legal proceedings and actions. Such risks, uncertainties, contingencies, and other important factors could cause actual events to differ materially from the expectations expressed or implied in this release by such forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date they are made and cannot be relied upon as a guide to future performance. The Company, each of the Managers and their respective affiliates expressly disclaims any obligation or undertaking to update, review or revise any forward-looking statement contained in this announcement whether as a result of new information, future developments or otherwise. The information, opinions and forward-looking statements contained in this announcement speak only as at its date and are subject to change without notice. You should not place undue reliance on the forward-looking statements in this announcement.

This announcement is for information purposes only. It does not purport to be complete, and it is not to be relied upon in substitution for the exercise of independent judgment. It is not intended as investment advice and under no circumstances is it to be used or considered as an offer to sell, or a solicitation of an offer to buy any securities or a recommendation to buy or sell any securities of the Company. Neither the Managers nor any of their respective affiliates accepts any liability arising from the use of this announcement. The Company and the Managers, and their respective affiliates, expressly disclaims any obligation or undertaking to update, review or revise any statement contained in this announcement whether as a result of new information, future developments or otherwise. 

The distribution of this announcement and other information may be restricted by law in certain jurisdictions. Persons into whose possession this announcement or such other information should come are required to inform themselves about and to observe any such restrictions.