The board of directors (the "Board") of AKVA group ASA ("AKVA" or the "Company")
has  resolved to  extend the  incentive plan  (the "Incentive  Plan") for senior
management of AKVA.

The  overall purpose of the Incentive Plan is to ensure aligned interest between
senior   management   employees   and   shareholders  in  the  current  business
environment,  and to reward long-term and dedicated  work, which is deemed to be
of value to AKVA and its shareholders.

The  extended Incentive Plan will  be on the same  terms as the current plan, as
approved  by the  Company's annual  general meeting  in 2023. The Incentive Plan
provides  for  an  annual  grant  of  shares  to the Company's senior management
employees.  The  share  grants  will  vest  and  shares  will  be transferred to
participants  annually  up  to  and  including  2027. The  CEO  option agreement
approved in 2023 is not proposed to be changed, cf. the Company's stock exchange
notice of 26 August 2022.

The  annual  share  grants  are  subject  to certain conditions being fulfilled,
including  that the employee  remains employed by  the Company, that the Company
shows a positive EBIT for the relevant year, and that no breach of covenants has
occurred  and is existing under the  Company's external loans or debt facilities
for  the relevant year and at the time  the grant is vesting. The shares granted
under  the Incentive  Plan will  be subject  to lock-up  arrangements, customary
leaver conditions, a change of control trigger clause and other terms set out in
the Incentive Plan.

An  additional  291,300 shares  will  be  allocated  due to the extension of the
Incentive  Plan, giving a  total of 507,120 shares  that will be allocated under
the  current  and  extended  Incentive  Plan,  gross  before deductions to cover
participant  income taxes on vested shares. The  total net number of shares that
may  be  transferred  to  participants  on  an  after tax basis is approximately
266,000 shares based on current tax rates etc., and is expected to be covered by
the  Company's holding  of own  shares. The  Company currently holds 358,716 own
shares.

The  extension of the Incentive Plan will only become effective upon approval of
revised guidelines regarding determination of salaries and other remuneration to
senior personnel of the Company by the general meeting of the Company. The Board
will  propose the necessary changes to the guidelines for approval at the annual
general meeting of the Company in 2025.

Dated: 6 November 2024
AKVA group ASA

Web: www.akvagroup.com

CONTACTS:

  Knut Nesse   Chief Executive Officer

  Phone:       +47 51 77 85 00

  Mobile:      +47 91 37 62 20

  E-mail:      knesse@akvagroup.com


  Ronny Meinkøhn   Chief Financial Officer

  Phone:           +47 51 77 85 00

  Mobile:          +47 98 20 67 76

  E-mail:          rmeinkohn@akvagroup.com

***

This information is subject to the disclosure requirements according to section
5-12 of the Norwegian Securities Trading Act and Euronext Oslo Rule Book II -
Issuer Rules.

About AKVA group ASA

AKVA group ASA is a global technology and  service partner that deliver
technology and services  that  helps  solve  biological  challenges within the
aquaculture industry.  Good operational performance and fish welfare ensures
sustainability and  profitability  for  the  customer.  This is  the premise for
everything we deliver, from single components to services and complete
installations. In-depth aquaculture knowledge, extensive experience and  a high
capacity for innovation characterizes  and enables us to deliver the  best
solutions for both land based and sea based fish farming.
