


ASKER, NORWAY (24 August 2018) - Following the registration of new shares
relating to the vesting of RSUs (Restricted Stock Units) as notified by Oslo
Stock Exchange on 22 August 2018, 98,800 new shares have been issued to 67
employees.

Primary insiders have been issued TGS shares related to the vesting of the RSUs
and have sold shares to cover tax withholding as follows:

Fredrik Amundsen has subscribed for 2,500 shares and retains 1,318 shares after
covering taxes (1,182 sold).

William Ashby has subscribed for 1,800 shares and retains 1,359 shares after
covering taxes (441 sold).

Victor Marchon has subscribed for 2,500 shares and retains 1,897 shares after
covering taxes (603 sold).

Amund Søia has subscribed for 1,480 shares and retains 780 shares after covering
taxes (700 sold).

Attached is the list of primary insiders who have been issued TGS shares in
relation to the vesting of the RSUs and their balance of TGS shares after sale
of shares to cover taxes.


Company Summary

TGS-NOPEC Geophysical Company (TGS) provides multi-client geoscience data to oil
and gas Exploration and Production companies worldwide.  In addition to
extensive global geophysical and geological data libraries that include multi-
client seismic data, magnetic and gravity data, digital well logs, production
data and directional surveys, TGS also offers advanced processing and imaging
services, interpretation products, and data integration solutions.

For more information visit TGS online at www.tgs.com.


Forward-looking statements and contact information

All statements in this press release other than statements of historical fact
are forward-looking statements, which are subject to a number of risks,
uncertainties and assumptions that are difficult to predict, and are based upon
assumptions as to future events that may not prove accurate. These factors
include TGS' reliance on a cyclical industry and principle customers, TGS'
ability to continue to expand markets for licensing of data, and TGS' ability to
acquire and process data products at costs commensurate with profitability.
Actual results may differ materially from those expected or projected in the
forward-looking statements. TGS undertakes no responsibility or obligation to
update or alter forward-looking statements for any reason.

TGS-NOPEC Geophysical Company ASA is listed on the Oslo Stock Exchange
(OSLO:TGS).

TGS sponsored American Depositary Shares trade on the U.S. over-the-counter
market under the symbol "TGSGY".


For additional information about this press release please contact:

Sven Børre Larsen
Chief Financial Officer
Tel: +47 90 94 36 73
Email: sven.larsen@tgs.com

Will Ashby
SVP Investor Relations, HR & Communication
Tel: +1 713 860 2184
Email: will.ashby@tgs.com



This information is subject of the disclosure requirements pursuant to section
5-12 of the Norwegian Securities Trading Act.


 
    