The Board of Gjensidige Forsikring ASA has decided to continue the share savings
scheme for employees. Through the scheme, the company offers employees of the
company, its branches in Denmark and Sweden and subsidiaries in Norway to buy
shares in the company. The purpose of the scheme is to increase interest among
employees for the company's goals and performance through owning shares. The
scheme is also part of the company's strategy of motivating, rewarding and
retaining employees.

The Board wishes the scheme to become a permanent part of the company's employee
incentive scheme. The general meeting will nevertheless consider the acquisition
of shares every year and thereby decide whether to continue the scheme.

The offer

For 2019, the company will offer a share savings scheme based on a maximum
annual savings amount (NOK/SEK/DKK 75,000) that is financed by a monthly
deduction from salary. The company will contribute with 20 per cent of the
agreed yearly amount invested, limited upwards to NOK 3,000 per year. After two
years of ownership, and provided the person is still employed with Gjensidige,
the company will allocate one bonus share for every fourth share bought in
connection with this offer. The purchase of shares will take place through DNB
on the day or days following publication of the interim accounts.

The first purchase will take place after the publication of the 1st quarter 2019
interim report. The purchase price and the number of shares acquired by the
company will be reported in accordance with the applicable regulations.
Employees will be allocated shares at the purchase price, adjusted for the
discount.

Subscription by employees that are primary insiders

Attached to this release there is a list of employees that are primary insiders
and that have subscribed in the Share savings scheme for 2019. The subscribed
amount disclosed is the total amount for 2019. The purchase price and the number
of shares will be reported each time allocation has been made.

Background

At the annual general meeting on 5 April 2018, the general meeting authorised
the Board to acquire shares on behalf of the company. Shares purchased in
accordance with the authorisation can, among other things, be used for sale and
transfer to employees of the Gjensidige Group as part of the Group's share
savings scheme as approved by the Board, or to executive employees in accordance
with the remuneration regulations and the pay policy adopted by the Board. The
authorisation is valid until the next annual general meeting, however no longer
than until 30 June 2019.

This information is subject to disclosure under the Norwegian Securities Act
section §5-12

Contact details, Gjensidige Forsikring ASA:

Head of Investor Relations: Mitra H. Negård, Tel: +47 957 93 631

Head of Communication: Øystein Thoresen, Tel: +47 952 33 382