The Board of Gjensidige Forsikring ASA has decided to continue the share savings
scheme for employees. Through the scheme, the company offers employees of the
company, its branches in Denmark and Sweden and subsidiaries in Norway to buy
shares in the company. The purpose of the scheme is to increase interest among
employees for the company's goals and performance through owning shares. The
scheme is also part of the company's strategy of motivating, rewarding and
retaining employees.

The Board wishes the scheme to become a permanent part of the company's employee
incentive scheme. The general meeting will nevertheless consider the acquisition
of shares every year and thereby decide whether to continue the scheme.

The offer
For 2016, the company will offer a share savings scheme based on a maximum
annual savings amount (NOK/SEK/DKK 75,000) that is financed by a monthly
deduction from salary. The company will contribute with 20 per cent of the
agreed yearly amount invested, limited upwards to NOK 1,500 per year. After two
years of ownership, the company will allocate one bonus share for every fourth
share bought in connection with this offer. The purchase of shares will take
place through DNB on the day or days following publication of the interim
accounts.

The first purchase will take place after the publication of the 1st quarter 2016
interim report. The purchase price and the number of shares acquired by the
company will be reported in accordance with the applicable regulations.
Employees will be allocated shares at the purchase price, adjusted for the
discount.

Subscription by employees that are primary insiders
Attached to this release there is a list of employees that are primary insiders
and that have subscribed in the Share savings scheme for 2016. The subscribed
amount disclosed is the total amount for 2016. The purchase price and the number
of shares will be reported when allocation is done.

Background
At the annual general meeting on 23 April 2015, the general meeting authorized
the Board to acquire shares on behalf of the company with a total par value of
up to NOK 1,000,000, i.e. 500,000 shares. The minimum and maximum amounts that
can be paid per share were set at NOK 20 and NOK 200, respectively. Shares
purchased in accordance with the authorization can only be used for sale and
transfer to employees of the Gjensidige Group as part of the Group's share
savings scheme as approved by the Board, or to executive employees in accordance
with the remuneration regulations and the pay policy adopted by the Board. The
authorisation is valid until the next annual general meeting, however no longer
than until 30 June 2016.

This information is subject to disclosure under the Norwegian Securities Act
section §5-12

For further queries, please contact:
Head of Investor Relations: Janne Flessum, Tel: +47 915 14 739
Head of Media Relations: Øystein Thoresen, Tel: +47 952 33 382

