4 May 2022

Reference is made to the announcement by Hafnia Limited (the "Company") earlier today 4 May 2022, where the successful completion of the private placement as announced. BW Group Limited, the largest shareholder of the Company and a close associate of the chairman of the Company, Andreas Sohmen-Pao, has entered into a share lending agreement with the Company and Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB ("SEB") on behalf of the managers in the private placement, whereby BW Group Limited will lend 37,600,000 shares in the Company to SEB to facilitate timely delivery of listed shares to the investors who are allocated shares in the private placement. The borrowed shares will be redelivered to BW Group Limited once the new shares have been validly issued in VPS. 

Please refer to the attached notifications of trading for further details.

* * *

For further information, please contact:

Mikael Skov
CEO Hafnia Limited
+65 6971 8001

Perry van Echtelt
CFO Hafnia Limited
+65 6971 8008

About Hafnia Limited:

Hafnia is one of the world's leading oil product tanker owners and operators. The Company provides transportation of oil and oil products to leading national and international oil companies, major chemical companies, as well as trading and utility companies. Hafnia commercially operates a fleet of 247 vessels, including newbuilds. Among them, 149 are owned or chartered-in, including 10 owned LR2s, 44 owned and chartered-in LR1s, 58 owned and chartered-in MRs, 29 owned Handy and eight Stainless Steel 25K vessels.
Hafnia has a solid history in chartering, operations, and technical management, and strives to offer customers the best solution for their transportation needs. This solution-focused approach has resulted in a strong reputation and the Company remains firmly committed to being a responsible member of the industry and operating according to the highest ethical standards.
Hafnia is a global company with offices in Singapore, Copenhagen, Dubai and Houston and a presence in Mumbai.