Sandnes, Norway, 27 October 2025.

The Board of Directors of Desert Control AS (the "Company" or "Desert Control")
has today resolved the cancellation of issued and outstanding options against re
-issuing options in a new option program.

A total of 2,025,000 share options equal to approx. 1.67% of the total shares
issued in the Company have been granted to employees. The options will have a
three-year vesting period, with initial vesting of 1/3 of the grant on the first
anniversary of the option grant, and the remaining 2/3 vesting monthly prorated
over the remaining 24 months.

Subject to vesting, each option provides the option holder a right to subscribe
or acquire one share in Desert Control at a strike price of NOK 1.99. The strike
price is equal to the closing price for the Company's shares on Euronext Growth
Oslo on 27 October 2025, which is the date of the grant.

The option grant supports the Company's efforts to bring more capabilities and
focus to its direct operations in the United States by expansion of its research
activities in the American Southwest, and creating long-term value through
advanced R&D.

The Company's ambitions assume the services of highly competent key personnel
and that Desert Control can provide attractive terms. With the option grant, the
executive personnel will align their interests with shareholders to fuel further
efforts toward sustainable growth and position the Company as a leader to
deliver innovative, economical solutions to address global environmental
challenges. The option agreements set out further terms and conditions for the
grant, including in case of termination of employment and cancellation of non
-exercised options in case of breach of contract or bad leaver situations,
accelerated vesting with respect to any change of control, adjustment events,
and other customary provisions for such agreements.

The following primary insiders, have been granted share options, including
having cancelled all their previous share options under previous grant:

· Jan Vader, Chief Innovation Officer, has been granted 450,000 share options.

· Marty Weems, Managing Director USA, has been granted 450,000 share options.

Primary insider notification pursuant to the EU Market Abuse Regulation Article
19 are attached.

For further information please contact:

James Thomas

Chief Executive Officer Email: james.thomas@desertcontrol.com

Mobile: +1 203 984-7658

Leonard Chaparian

Chief Financial Officer Email: leonard.chaparian@desertcontrol.com

Mobile: +47 90 66 55 40

This information is subject to the disclosure requirements pursuant to article
19 of the EU Market Abuse Regulation and section 5-12 of the Norwegian
Securities Trading Act.

About Desert Control:

Desert Control develops innovative solutions to enhance soil health, conserve
water, and promote ecosystem resilience. The company's mission is to combat
desertification, soil degradation, and water scarcity. Our patented Liquid
Natural Clay (LNC) transforms sandy, fast-draining soils to retain water and
nutrients, improving soil health, crop yields, and ecosystem vitality while
conserving water. Desert Control provides customized solutions to strengthen
sustainability, profitability, and prosperity for agriculture, forests, and
green landscapes. In collaboration with partners and clients, we aim to preserve
natural resources, restore biodiversity, enhance food security, and ensure a
climate-resilient future.


