Oslo, 6 December 2022: Reference is made to the announcement by Komplett ASA
(the "Company") on 15 November 2022 regarding completion of the private
placement of 67,800,000 new shares in the Company at a subscription price of NOK
14.75 per share to raise gross proceeds of approximately NOK 1,000 million (the
"Private Placement"), as well as the entering into a subscription and share
lending agreement between the Company, Canica Invest AS and SIBA Invest
Aktiebolag, ABG Sundal Collier ASA, Carnegie AS, Nordea Bank Abp, filial i Norge
and Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (publ), Oslo branch (collectively, the
"Managers").

Reference is further made to the announcement on 16 November 2022, regarding the
Managers' borrowing of 16,410,220 existing unencumbered and shares already
listed on the Oslo Stock Exchange from Canica Invest AS for purposes of
facilitating delivery-versus-payment settlement of the Private Placement.
Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (publ), Oslo branch, acting as settlement agent
on behalf of the Managers, has on 22 November 2022 re-delivered the 16,410,220
shares in the Company to Canica Invest AS. New shares issued by the Company were
used for the re-delivery.

Following the re-delivery of borrowed shares, Canica Invest AS has a
shareholding in the Company of 54,409,039, representing approximately 40.30% of
the issued share capital and votes in the Company. Canica Invest AS were
allocated an additional 19,967,278 in the Private Placement, subject to the
resolution to issue the new shares by the extraordinary general meeting to be
held on 8 December 2022. Following such issuance, Canica Invest AS will have a
shareholding in the Company of 74,376,317 shares (representing approximately
42.43% of the issued share capital and votes in the Company after registration
of the share capital increase with the Norwegian Register of Business
Enterprises).

Chair of the board of directors of the Company, Jo Lunder, is also a board
member of Canica Invest AS' parent company Canica AS. Canica Invest AS' share
lending is therefore disclosed pursuant to the Market Abuse Regulation Article
19. This disclosure also is made pursuant to section 4-2 (3) of the Norwegian
Securities Trading Act. Please refer to the attached notification of trading for
further details.

The disclosures set out in this announcement are subject to the disclosure
requirement pursuant to section 5-12 of the Norwegian Securities Trading Act.

* * *

For further information, please contact:

Krister Pedersen, Chief Financial Officer (CFO)
Krister.Pedersen@komplett.com

Kristin Hovland, Head of Communication
Kristin.Hovland@komplett.com

About Komplett ASA:

Komplett Group is a leading online-first electronics and IT products retailer,
operating in Norway, Sweden and Denmark. Serving customers in the B2C, B2B and
distribution markets, the Group is deeply focused on delivering best in class
customer experience, built through decades of knowhow, expertise and deep
customer commitment. Komplett Group operates an efficient and scalable business
model that supports cost leadership and enables a competitive product offering.