Trondheim, 23 May 2025

Petors AS, a company wholly owned by Per Jørgen Weisethaunet, CEO of NORBIT ASA,
has today sold 153,000 shares in NORBIT ASA at an average price of NOK 193.23
per share.

The sale was made for tax-related purposes, primarily due to the Norwegian
wealth tax regime, which imposes an annual tax on the assessed net wealth of
individuals, including the market value of listed equity holdings.

Prior to the transaction, Petors AS held 7,129,944 shares in NORBIT ASA,
corresponding to 11.1% of the company's outstanding shares. Following the
transaction, Petors AS holds 6,976,944 shares. Weisethaunet and his closely
associated persons hold a total of 6,986,157 shares in the company, representing
approximately 10.93% of the company's outstanding shares.

Please see the attached notification for persons discharging managerial
responsibilities in NORBIT in accordance with Regulation EU 596/2014 (MAR)
article 19.

About NORBIT ASA

NORBIT  is a  global provider  of tailored  technology to selected applications,
solving challenges and promoting sustainability through innovative solutions, in
line  with  its  mission  to  Explore  More.  The company is structured in three
business  segments to address its key  markets: Oceans, Connectivity and Product
Innovation  &  Realization.  The  Oceans  segment  delivers  tailored technology
solutions to global maritime markets. The Connectivity segment provides wireless
solutions  for identification, monitoring and tracking. The Product Innovation &
Realization  segment  offers  R&D  services,  proprietary products, and contract
manufacturing  to  key  customers.  NORBIT  is  headquartered  in Trondheim with
manufacturing  in  Europe  and  North  America,  has around 600 employees, and a
worldwide sales and distribution platform.

For more information: www.norbit.com
This stock exchange release contains inside information as defined in Article 7
of  the  EU  Market  Abuse  Regulation  (MAR)  and  is subject to the disclosure
requirements pursuant to Section 5-12 of the Norwegian Securities Trading Act.


The  information was  submitted for  publication by  Elise Heidenreich, Investor
Relations at NORBIT ASA, on 23 May 2025 at 17:50 CEST.
