Reference is made to the stock exchange announcement published by Observe
Medical ASA (the "Company") on 9 February 2022, regarding the commencement of
the subscription period in the rights issue of 25,714,286 new shares in the
Company (the "Offer Shares") at a subscription price of NOK 7.00 per offer share
(the "Rights Issue").

Thomas Grunfeld, board member of Observe Medical ASA has purchased 14,000
subscription rights in the Rights Issue, which upon exercise will entitle Thomas
Grunfeld to be allocated 14,000 Offer Shares in the Rights Issue at a price per
Offer Share of NOK 7.00, subject to the Rights Issue being completed.

Trude Holm, a closely associated person of Thomas Grunfeld, board member of
Observe Medical ASA, has purchased 8,000 subscription rights in the Rights
Issue, which upon exercise will entitle Trude Holm to be allocated 8,000 Offer
Shares in the Rights Issue at a price per Offer Share of NOK 7.00, subject to
the Rights Issue being completed.

Please see the attached notifications of trade for further information regarding
the primary insider's and the close associate's acquisition of subscription
rights in the Rights Issue.

For further information about the Company, please contact:

Björn Larsson, CEO of Observe Medical,
Mobile: +46 76 620 17 25
E-mail: bjorn.larsson@observemedical.com

Per Arne Nygård, CFO of Observe Medical,
Mobile: +47 411 04 345
E-mail: perarne.nygard@observemedical.com

For information about the Rights Issue please contact the Managers:

Carnegie AS, tel.: +47 22 00 93 40
DNB Markets, tel.: +47 23 26 81 01

About Observe Medical

Observe Medical develops and markets and sells innovative hospital products that
contribute to increased patient safety and a more efficient care system. The
company's ambition is to drive growth by leveraging its expertise in sales and
commercialization of its broad portfolio of medical technology products, mainly
in the areas of Urine measurement, Anesthesiology/ICUs and wound care, in
combination with targeted M&A. The company's headquarter is in Oslo, Norway and
its operations is based out of Gothenburg, Sweden. Observe Medical has a direct
sales organization in the Nordics and a distributor network internationally.
Observe Medical's product Sippi® is the only automated digital urine meter with
possibility for wireless data transfer to the hospital patient data management
systems and hinders bacterial migration that can lead to urinary infections
(SippCoat®). Sippi® is CE marked and is currently being launched with focus on
selected markets and hospitals in Nordics and in Europe.