Magil AS ("Magil"), a company wholly owned by CFO Lars K. Grøndahl, has today
purchased 1,599 shares in Nordic Mining at an average price of NOK 4.2673 per
share. The number of shares purchased equals the number of shares which was
transferred from Magil to certain shareholders in connection with the reverse
share split in Nordic Mining in December 2016.

Subsequent of the share purchase, Magil owns 1,300,000 shares in Nordic Mining.
In addition, Lars K. Grøndahl through Magil has an option to buy 466,667 shares
at a price of NOK 4.08 per share and an option to buy 100,000 shares at a price
of NOK 8.16 per share.

For questions please contact CFO Lars K. Grøndahl, telephone +47 901 60 941.
Oslo, 2 January 2017
Nordic Mining ASA
Nordic Mining ASA (www.nordicmining.com)
Nordic Mining ASA ("Nordic Mining" or "the Company") is a resource company with
focus on high-end industrial minerals and metals in Norway and internationally.
The Company's project portfolio is of high international standard and holds a
significant economic potential. The Company's assets are in the Nordic region.
Through the subsidiary Nordic Rutile AS Nordic Mining is undertaking a large
-scale project development at Engebøfjellet in Sogn and Fjordane where the
Company has rights and permits to a substantial eclogite deposit with rutile and
garnet. Permits for the project have been granted by the Norwegian government.
Nordic Mining has rights for exploration and production of high-purity quartz in
Kvinnherad in Hordaland and develops the project through its subsidiary Nordic
Quartz AS. Nordic Mining's associated company Keliber Oy in Finland plans to
start mining of lithium bearing spodumene and production of lithium carbonate.
Nordic Mining holds exploration rights on the Øksfjord Peninsula in Troms and
Finnmark, where the Company has discovered a prospective area of sulphide
mineralisation. Through the subsidiary Nordic Ocean Resources AS, Nordic Mining
is exploring opportunities related to seabed mineral resources.
Nordic Mining is listed on Oslo Axess with ticker symbol "NOM".


