PRESS RELEASE 
 
Huddlestock Fintech AS - Mandatory notification of trades

NOT FOR DISTRIBUTION OR RELEASE, DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY, TO U.S. NEWS WIRE SERVICES OR FOR DISSEMINATION IN OR INTO THE UNITED STATES, AUSTRALIA, CANADA OR JAPAN, OR ANY OTHER JURISDICTION IN WHICH THE DISTRIBUTION OR RELEASE WOULD BE UNLAWFUL 

(Stavanger, NORWAY – 7 June 2021) Huddlestock Fintech AS (OSE: HUDL) – Mandatory notification of trades

Primary insiders of Huddlestock Fintech AS (“Huddlestock” and “the Company”); Board members and Executive Committee members have been allocated shares from their subscriptions in the capital increase announced May 7, 2021. 

Per Øyvind Berge – Member of the Board of Huddlestock has purchased 83,334 shares at NOK 6.00 per share. After the purchase, Per Øyvind Berge holds 5,408,334 shares through his company Grunnfjellet AS.

Murshid Ali – Member of the Board of Huddlestock has purchased 25,000 shares at NOK 6.00. After the purchase, Murshid Ali holds 6,887,189 shares in the Company through his 100% owned Berker Group AS. In addition, he owns 1,000 shares in his personal name, Murshid Ali.

John E. Skajem – Chief Executive Officer has purchased 100,000 shares at NOK 6.00 per share. After the purchase, John E. Skajem owns 703,000 shares.

Cecilia Luras - Director of Strategy & Investor Relations has purchased 15,000 shares at NOK 6.00 per share. After the purchase, Cecilia Luras owns 15,000 shares.

This information is subject to the disclosure requirements pursuant to section 5-12 of the Norwegian Securities Trading Act. 

For further information, please contact investor relations.

CONTACTS:

John E. Skajem, CEO, +47 418 87 412, jes@huddlestock.com 
Cecilia Luras, Director of Strategy & IR, +44 75 0090 5131, col@huddlestock.com 


About Huddlestock Fintech:

Huddlestock Fintech AS was listed on Euronext Growth Market 26 November 2020, as Norway’s first fintech company to be publicly traded. Huddlestock Fintech is a company that develops unique software as a service-solutions for digitizing work processes for custody banks, asset managers and trading venues. 

The open, compliance-optimized and data centric platform allows our customers to offer a differentiated real-time product that reduces cost and increases efficiency. Huddlestock Fintech’s technology enables end-to-end digital services such as onboarding, client communication, reporting, order execution and portfolio management, all executed on the same platform. 

Huddlestock has two main products: Apex (Custody) and Bedrock (Connectivity). Apex is a software as a service-solution that links custody services with asset managers and individual investors. Bedrock provides a white label solution that is primarily a product for financial services firms wanting to add low cost-efficient trading and investing services to their client web and app offerings. 

Huddlestock has offices in Oslo, Stavanger, Copenhagen, Stockholm, Munich, Paris, London and Kuala Lumpur. 

For more information, please visit www.huddlestock.com. 

  
The information included in this announcement is defined as inside information pursuant to the EU Market Abuse Regulation article 7 and is publicly disclosed in accordance with MAR article 17.  
 
The announcement is made by the contact persons set out above.