Reference is made to the press release on 27 February 2025 regarding the grant of 1,380,000 new share options. 

The option program strike price was set on the basis of the last 20 trading days (VWAP) in advance of the grant date in accordance with the rules related to the annual option program. The Board of Directors has resolved to deviate from the normal price setting model in the annual option program and has set a new strike price to NOK 4.80 for these options. The size and prize for one specific block trade has been eliminated in the new VWAP calculations.

All other terms of the options remain as previously announced. See attachment for further details about the grant of options to each primary insider.

For more information, please contact: 
Even Matre Ellingsen, Chief Executive Officer: + 47 990 05 500

Eqva ASA in brief
EQVA is main board listed Norwegian compounder company that specializes in acquiring and developing tier-1 companies that provide productive, safe, and sustainable service & solutions to leading industrial companies.

We are dedicated to long-term ownership, focused on creating value through sustainable development, growth, and profitability. Our goal is to acquire companies that align with our business model. We are positioning ourselves as an attractive buyer not solely based on financial terms, but by offering a comprehensive "toolbox" of expertise, experience, and resources to drive value creation.

EQVA is built on three platforms: EQVA Industrial Solutions, Renewables and Real Estate. EQVA Industrial Solutions is the main platform, generating more than 90 % of EQVA’s revenues in 2024. Key companies under EQVA Industrial Solutions include BKS Group, IMTAS Group and Kvinnherad Elektro Group. The acquisition of IMTAS Group strengthens EQVA’s position as a prominent and fully integrated service provider within the piping, mechanical and power and automation disciplines – all over Norway.

Read more on www.eqva.no

This information is subject to the disclosure requirements pursuant to section 5 -12 of the Norwegian Securities Trading Act and the Market Abuse Regulation article 19.
