Oslo, 5 June 2023: As part of Komplett ASA's long term incentive program set out
in the company's guidelines for remuneration of senior executives, primary
insiders have been granted a total of 1 169 512 share options in Komplett ASA,
equivalent to 0.67 per cent of total shares.

Each share option gives the right to purchase one share in Komplett ASA.

The strike price of the options was set to NOK 13.98 per share based on the
closing price on 2 June 2023. The strike price for the options will have a
premium of 3 per cent annually until the options are vested.

The options will vest gradually over three years after grant, whereas 20 per
cent of the options will vest after one year, 20 per cent after two years and
the remaining 60 per cent after three years.

All options will expire five years after the date of grant.

The following primary insiders have been granted options:

Thomas Røkke, CFO: 361 049 options
Erlend Stefansson, Managing Director Komplett Services AS: 254 192 options
Markus Solvik, Chief Strategy Officer: 193 864 options
Roger Sandberg, Chief Procurement Officer: 170 949 options
Kristin Torgersen, Chief HR Officer: 189 458 options

The required form of notification and public disclosure by primary insiders
related to the grant is attached to this announcement.

For further inquiries, please contact:

Thomas Røkke, CFO
Thomas.Rokke@komplett.com

Kristin Hovland, Head of Communication
Kristin.Hovland@komplett.com

About Komplett ASA

Komplett Group is a leading online-first electronics and IT products retailer,
operating in Norway, Sweden and Denmark. Serving customers in the B2C, B2B and
distribution markets, the Group is deeply focused on delivering best in class
customer experience, built through decades of knowhow, expertise and deep
customer commitment. Komplett Group operates an efficient and scalable business
model that supports cost leadership and enables a competitive product offering.

This information is subject to the disclosure requirements pursuant to Section 5
-12 the Norwegian Securities Trading Act.