Press release dated 2015-12-04
Reference is made to the stock exchange announcement dated 24 November, 2015
regarding the share capital increase in Nickel Mountain Group AB (publ.) (the
"Company", ticker "NMG") in connection to the private placement of 400,000,000
shares (the "Private Placement Shares") and the stock exchange announcement
dated 2 December, 2015 regarding the conversion of the Private Placement Shares
to the ordinary shares in the Company with the Swedish Companies Registery.

The conversion of the Private Placement Shares into ordinary shares in the
Company with ISIN SE0005569100 is now reflected in Euroclear and the VPS. The
Private Placement Shares are listed and tradable on the Oslo Stock Exchange
under the trading symbol "NMG".

For and on behalf of the Board of Directors of Nickel Mountain Group AB

Torbjorn Ranta

For information, please contact Torbjorn Ranta

Mail: torbjorn.ranta@nickelmountain.se

Tel: + 46 8 402 28 00

Cell Phone: +46 708 855504

www.nickelmountain.se

Cautionary Statement: Statements and assumptions made in this document with
respect to Nickel Mountain Group AB's ("NMG") current plans, estimates,
strategies and beliefs, and other statements that are not historical facts, are
forward-looking statements about the future performance of NMG. Forward-looking
statements include, but are not limited to, those using words such as "may",
"might", "seeks", "expects", "anticipates", "estimates", "believes", "projects",
"plans", strategy", "forecast" and similar expressions. These statements reflect
management's expectations and assumptions in light of currently available
information. They are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, including,
but not limited to, (i) changes in the economic, regulatory and political
environments in the countries where NMG operates; (ii) changes relating to the
geological information available in respect of the various projects undertaken;
(iii) NMG's continued ability to secure enough financing to carry on its
operations as a going concern; (iv) the success of its potential joint ventures
and alliances, if any; (v) metal prices, particularly as regards nickel. In the
light of the many risks and uncertainties surrounding any mineral project at an
early stage of its development, the actual results could differ materially from
those presented and forecast in this document. NMG assumes no unconditional
obligation to immediately update any such statements and/or forecasts.

