NOT FOR DISTRIBUTION OR RELEASE, DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY, TO 
U.S. NEWS WIRE SERVICES OR FOR DISSEMINATION IN OR INTO THE 
UNITED STATES, AUSTRALIA, HONG KONG, CANADA OR JAPAN, OR ANY 
OTHER JURISDICTION IN WHICH THE DISTRIBUTION OR RELEASE 
WOULD BE UNLAWFUL.

KID ASA - ALLOCATION TO PRIMARY INSIDERS
Lier, 30 October 2015: Reference is made to the stock 
exchange announcement published on 30 October 2015, in which 
Kid ASA ("Kid" or the "Company") announced the successful 
completion of the bookbuilding period for the initial public 
offering of the shares (the "Offering").

The following primary insiders of Kid have been allocated 
shares at a price of NOK 31 per share in accordance with the 
terms set out in the prospectus dated 16 October 2015 and 
supplement prospectus dated 26 October 2015:

- Kjersti Hobøl (CEO) has been allocated 64,516 shares in 
the Offering and will own 64,516 shares in Kid following 
completion of the Offering

- Petter Schouw-Hansen (CFO) has been allocated 32,258 
shares in the Offering and will own 32,258 shares in Kid 
following completion of the Offering

- Eva-Lena Wechselberger (Head of store operations) has been 
allocated 6,451 shares in the Offering and will own 6,451 
shares in Kid following completion of the Offering

- Robert Steen (Logistics Director) has been allocated 8,064 
shares in the Offering and will own 8,064 shares in Kid 
following completion of the Offering

- Stian Brandhagen (Business Controller) has been allocated 
3,225 shares in the Offering and will own 3,225 shares in 
Kid following completion of the Offering

- Espen Berge Kvam (Business Controller) has been allocated 
338 shared in the Offering and will own 338 shares in Kid 
following completion of the Offering

- Henrik Schüssler (Chairman of the Board) has been 
allocated 32,258 shares in the Offering and will own 32,258 
shares in Kid following completion of the Offering

- Pål F. Clausen (Board member) has been allocated 8,064 
shares in the Offering and will own 8,064 shares in Kid 
following completion of the Offering

- Karin Bing Orgland (Board member) has been allocated 
16,129 shares in the Offering and will own 16,129 shares in 
Kid following completion of the Offering

- Vilde Falck-Ytter (Board member) has been allocated 6,451 
shares in the Offering and will own 6,451 shares in Kid 
following completion of the Offering

ABG Sundal Collier ASA and Arctic Securities AS 
(collectively the "Joint Bookrunners") are acting as Joint 
Bookrunners in the IPO.

For further enquiries, please contact:
Petter Schouw-Hansen, CFO +47 482 24 534

ABOUT KID ASA
Kid is the leading and most profitable retailer in the 
Norwegian home textile market, typified by products like 
duvets, pillows, curtains, bed linens and other accessories 
and decorating items. As of 30 September 2015, Kid operated 
a total of 128 wholly-owned stores in Norway, in addition to 
an established e-commerce platform. Kid traces its history 
back to 1937, and has since the 1950s renewed Norwegian 
homes by offering attractive and practical curtains, bed 
linens and other interior articles. Kid is among the known 
brands within retail in Norway, with 97% of Norwegian women 
being familiar with the Company. Kid has approximately 900 
employees with headquarters in new and modern facilities in 
Lier, Norway. For more information visit www.kid.no

IMPORTANT NOTICE
This announcement is not and does not form a part of any 
offer to sell, or a solicitation of an offer to purchase, 
any securities of the Company.

Copies of this announcement are not being made and may not 
be distributed or sent into the United States, Australia, 
Hong Kong, Canada, Japan or any other jurisdiction in which 
such distribution would be unlawful or would require 
registration or other measures.

The securities referred to in this announcement have not 
been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities 
Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act"), and 
accordingly may not be offered or sold in the United States 
absent registration or an applicable exemption from the 
registration requirements of the Securities Act and in 
accordance with applicable U.S. state securities laws. The 
Company does not intend to register any part of the offering 
in the United States or to conduct a public offering of 
securities in the United States. Any sale in the United 
States of the securities mentioned in this announcement will 
be made solely to "qualified institutional buyers" as 
defined in Rule 144A under the Securities Act.

Any offering of the securities referred to in this 
announcement will be made by means of a prospectus. This 
announcement is not a prospectus for the purposes of 
Directive 2003/71/EC (as amended, together with any 
applicable implementing measures in any Member State, the 
"Prospectus Directive"). Investors should not subscribe for 
any securities referred to in this announcement except on 
the basis of information contained in a prospectus.

In any EEA Member State that has implemented the Prospectus 
Directive, this communication is only addressed to and is 
only directed at qualified investors in that Member State 
within the meaning of the Prospectus Directive.

This communication is only being distributed to and is only 
directed at persons in the United Kingdom that are (i) 
investment professionals falling within Article 19(5) of the 
Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial 
Promotion) Order 2005, as amended (the "Order") or (ii) high 
net worth entities, and other persons to whom this 
announcement may lawfully be communicated, falling within 
Article 49(2)(a) to (d) of the Order (all such persons 
together being referred to as "relevant persons"). This 
communication must not be acted on or relied on by persons 
who are not relevant persons. Any investment or investment 
activity to which this communication relates is available 
only for relevant persons and will be engaged in only with 
relevant persons. Persons distributing this communication 
must satisfy themselves that it is lawful to do so.
Matters discussed in this announcement may constitute 
forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements are 
statements that are not historical facts and may be 
identified by words such as "believe", "expect", 
"anticipate", "strategy", "intends", "estimate", "will", 
"may", "continue", "should" and similar expressions. The 
forward-looking statements in this release are based upon 
various assumptions, many of which are based, in turn, upon 
further assumptions. Although the Company believes that 
these assumptions were reasonable when made, these 
assumptions are inherently subject to significant known and 
unknown risks, uncertainties, contingencies and other 
important factors which are difficult or impossible to 
predict and are beyond its control. Actual events may differ 
significantly from any anticipated development due to a 
number of factors, including without limitation, changes in 
public sector investment levels, changes in the general 
economic, political and market conditions in the Norwegian 
market, the Company's ability to attract, retain and 
motivate qualified personnel, changes in the Company's 
ability to engage in commercially acceptable acquisitions 
and strategic investments, and changes in laws and 
regulation and the potential impact of legal proceedings and 
actions. Such risks, uncertainties, contingencies and other 
important factors could cause actual events to differ 
materially from the expectations expressed or implied in 
this release by such forward-looking statements. The Company 
does not guarantee that the assumptions underlying the 
forward-looking statements in this presentation are free 
from errors nor does it accept any responsibility for the 
future accuracy of the opinions expressed in this 
presentation or any obligation to update or revise the 
statements in this presentation to reflect subsequent 
events. You should not place undue reliance on the forward-
looking statements in this document.

The information, opinions and forward-looking statements 
contained in this announcement speak only as at its date, 
and are subject to change without notice. The Company does 
not undertake any obligation to review, update, confirm, or 
to release publicly any revisions to any forward-looking 
statements to reflect events that occur or circumstances 
that arise in relation to the content of this announcement.