Reference is made to the stock exchange announcement from SoftOx Solutions AS (the "Company") on 3 March 2021 regarding the preliminary results of the Company's Subsequent Offering.

The final results confirms the preliminary results reported yesterday. As a result, the Company has received valid subscriptions for in total 971,404 Offer Shares. Hence, the maximum number offered in the Subsequent Offering (181,818 offer shares) will be issued. 

The allocation of the offer shares has today been completed based on the allocation criteria set out in the Company's national prospectus dated 15 February 2021.
 
Notification of allocated offer shares and the corresponding amount to be paid by each subscriber will be set out in a separate letter to each subscriber, which is expected to be issued during the course of today, 4 March 2021. The payment date for the offer shares allocated is 8 March 2021 and the shares is to be paid for in accordance with the payment instructions set out in the national prospectus and subscription form.  

The offer shares may not be transferred or traded until they are fully paid and the share capital increase related to the subsequent offering has been registered with Norwegian Register of Business Enterprises (Nw: Foretaksregisteret). The share capital increase is expected to be registered on or about 12 March 2021. The Offer Shares are expected to be delivered to the subscribers' respective VPS accounts on or about the 15 March, and be tradeable on Euronext Growth Oslo on or about 16 March 2021.

Following the issuance of the offer shares issued in the Subsequent Offering and the offer shares issued in the employee offering on 24 February 2021, the Company's share capital will be NOK 183,369.36 divided into 9,168,468 shares, each with a par value of NOK 0.02. See the attached form for notification and publication of allocation to primary insiders.

SpareBank 1 Markets AS has acted as Manager and Advokatfirmaet Wiersholm AS has acted as legal advisor to as the Company in connection with the Subsequent Offering.
For further information, please contact: 
Geir Almås, CEO of SoftOx Solutions AS, or
Kristine Rød, FM of SoftOx Solutions AS

Mail: ir@soft-ox.com
Mobile: +47 977 59 071

About SoftOx Solutions AS 
SoftOx Solutions AS (SoftOx, listed on Euronext Growth Oslo) is a Norwegian MedTech company based in Oslo with the aim of helping to combat major threats to human health, namely the emergence of antimicrobial resistance (AMR), biofilm infections in chronic wounds and the spread of viruses. For more information on SoftOx, visit www.soft-ox.com