NOT FOR PUBLICATION, RELEASE OR DISTRIBUTION, IN WHOLE OR IN PART, DIRECTLY OR
INDIRECTLY, IN OR INTO AUSTRALIA, CANADA, THE HONG KONG SPECIAL ADMINISTRATIVE
REGION OF THE PEOPLE'S REPUBLIC OF CHINA, JAPAN, SOUTH AFRICA, OR THE UNITED
STATES, OR ANY OTHER JURISDICTION IN WHICH THE DISTRIBUTION OR RELEASE WOULD BE
UNLAWFUL.

Nedre Vats, 2 November 2021. Reference is made to the stock exchange
announcement on 2 November 2021 regarding the end of the stabilization for
AutoStore Holdings Ltd. ("AutoStore" or the "Company", OSE ticker code "AUTO")
and the partial greenshoe exercise.

Exercise of vested options and share sale by primary insiders in connection with
the partial greenshoe exercise

In connection with the greenshoe exercise, certain primary insiders have
exercised a portion of their vested options and thereby acquired shares at a
strike price of EUR 0.33 (the number of shares to be received by each option
holder is reduced to cover the strike price) and sold shares at a price of NOK
31 per share. Please see the attached forms of notification and public
disclosure for further information.

Sale and partial redelivery of borrowed shares by close associates of primary
insiders

The forms of notification and public disclosure for sale of greenshoe shares and
thus also partial redelivery of borrowed shares to the THL funds, being close
associates of James C. Carlisle (chair of the board of directors) and Michael K.
Kaczmarek (member of the board of directors), are attached.

This information is subject to the disclosure requirements in article 19 of the
Regulation EU 596/2014 (the EU Market Abuse Regulation) and section 5-12 of the
Norwegian Securities Trading Act.

For further queries, please contact:

AutoStore Investor Relations:

Bent M. Skisaker, Chief Financial Officer

+47 46 82 16 93

bent.skisaker@autostoresystem.com

AutoStore Norwegian media:

Geir Bjørlo

+47 91 54 00 00

geir.bjorlo@corpcom.no

AutoStore International media:

Oscar Karlsson

+46 709 62 78 42

okarlsson@brunswickgroup.com

About AutoStore

AutoStore is an innovative robotic and software technology company, and a
pioneer of cubic storage automation. The group operates in the rapidly growing
warehouse automation industry, and in the even faster growing cube storage
segment. AutoStore develops warehouse solutions for the future and helps its
customers to enable space saving and increase performance, while reducing labor
and energy costs. For more information about AutoStore, see
www.autostoresystem.com.

Important Notice

This announcement does not constitute an offer for sale of, or a solicitation of
an offer to purchase or subscribe for, any securities in the United States.
Securities may not be offered or sold in the United States unless they are
registered or are exempt from registration under the U.S. Securities Act of
1933, as amended. The information contained in this announcement is for
informational purposes only and does not purport to be full or completed.
AutoStore Holdings Ltd. (the "Company") does not intend to register any portion
of this offering in the United States or to conduct a public offering in the
United States. Copies of this announcement are not being, and should not be,
distributed in or sent into the United States.

It may be unlawful to distribute this announcement in certain jurisdictions.
This announcement is not for distribution in Australia, Canada, the Hong Kong
special administrative region of the People's Republic of China, Japan, South
Africa, the United States or to any other jurisdiction where such distribution
would be unlawful. The information in this announcement does not constitute an
offer of securities for sale in such jurisdictions.

In the United Kingdom, this announcement is for distribution only to and is
directed only at persons who (i) have professional experience in matters
relating to investments which fall within Article 19(5) of the Financial
Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion) Order 2005 (as amended, the
"Financial Promotion Order"), (ii) are persons falling within Article 49(2)(a)
to (d) ("high net worth companies, unincorporated associations etc") of the
Financial Promotion Order, or (iii) are persons to whom an invitation or
inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of section 21 of
the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000) in connection with the issue or
sale of any securities may otherwise lawfully be communicated or caused to be
communicated (all such persons together being referred to as "relevant
persons"). This announcement is directed only at relevant persons and must not
be acted on or relied on by persons who are not relevant persons. Any investment
or investment activity to which this announcement relates is available only to
relevant persons and will be engaged in only with relevant persons.

This announcement has been prepared on the basis that any offer of securities in
any Member State of the European Economic Area, other than Norway, Sweden,
Denmark and Finland, which has implemented the Prospectus Regulation (EU)
(2017/1129, as amended, the "Prospectus Regulation") (each, a "Relevant Member
State") will be made pursuant to an exemption under the Prospectus Regulation,
as implemented in that Relevant Member State, from the requirement to publish a
prospectus for offers of securities. Accordingly any person making or intending
to make any offer in that Relevant Member State of securities which are the
subject of the offering contemplated in this announcement, may only do so in
circumstances in which no obligation arises for the Company or any of the joint
global coordinators to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the
Prospectus Regulation or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 16 of the
Prospectus Regulation, in each case, in relation to such offer. Neither the
Company nor any of the Managers have authorised, nor do they authorise, the
making of any offer of the securities through any financial intermediary, other
than offers made by the Managers which constitute the final placement of the
securities contemplated in this announcement. Neither the Company nor any of the
Managers have authorised, nor do they authorise, the making of any offer of
securities in circumstances in which an obligation arises for the Company or any
Managers to publish or supplement a prospectus for such offer.

The Managers and the Financial Advisor and/or any of their affiliates or any of
their respective directors, officers, employees, advisers, agents or any other
person(s) do not accept any responsibility or liability whatsoever for, or make
any representation or warranty, express or implied, as to the accuracy,
completeness or fairness of the information or opinions in this announcement (or
whether any information has been omitted from this announcement) or any other
information relating the Company or associated companies. The Managers and the
Financial Advisor are acting exclusively for AutoStore and no-one else in
connection with the IPO and will not regard any other person as their client in
relation to the IPO and will not be responsible to anyone other than AutoStore
for providing the protections afforded to their clients.

Any offering of the securities referred to in this announcement will be made by
means of a prospectus. This announcement is an advertisement and is not a
prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation. Investors should not
subscribe for any securities referred to in this announcement except on the
basis of information contained in the aforementioned prospectus. Copies of any
such prospectus is available from the Company's registered office and, subject
to certain exceptions, on the website of the Company.

The Target Market Assessment is without prejudice to the requirements of any
contractual, legal or regulatory selling restrictions in relation to the
Offering.

For the avoidance of doubt, the Target Market Assessment does not constitute:
(a) an assessment of suitability or appropriateness for the purposes of MiFID
II; or (b) a recommendation to any investor or group of investors to invest in,
or purchase, or take any other action whatsoever with respect to the Company's
shares.

Each distributor is responsible for undertaking its own Target Market Assessment
in respect of the Company's shares and determining appropriate distribution
channels.

Forward looking statements

This announcement includes forward-looking statements which include statements
regarding the Company's business strategy, financial condition, profitability,
results of operations and market data, as well as other statements that are not
historical facts. Words such as "believe," "anticipate," "plan," "expect,"
"target," "estimate," "project," "predict," "forecast," "guideline," "should,"
"aim," "continue," "could," "guidance," "may," "potential," "will," as well as
similar expressions and the negative of such expressions are intended to
identify forward-looking statements, but are not the exclusive means of
identifying these statements. By their nature, forward-looking statements are
subject to numerous factors, risks and uncertainties that could cause actual
outcomes and results to be materially different from those projected. Readers
are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements.
Except for any ongoing obligation to disclose material information as required
by the applicable law, the Company does not have any intention or obligation to
publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements after it distributes
this announcement, whether to reflect any future events or circumstances or
otherwise.

The IPO may be influenced by a range of circumstances, such as market
conditions, and there is no guarantee that the IPO will proceed and that the
listing will occur.