Oslo, 24 June 2024: Reference is made to the stock exchange announcement by
Circio Holding ASA (the "Company") earlier today, 24 June 2024, regarding the
commencement of the subscription period for the rights issue (the "Rights
Issue"). As part of this process, subscription rights have been allocated to
primary insiders and their close associates.

Please see the attached notifications of trade for information regarding the
subscription rights received by primary insiders and their close associates in
the Rights Issue.

This information is subject to the disclosure requirements pursuant to article
19 of the EU Market Abuse Regulation and section 5-12 of the Norwegian
Securities Trading Act.

For further information, please contact:
Erik Digman Wiklund, CEO
Phone: +47 413 33 536
Email: erik.wiklund@circio.com

Lubor Gaal, CFO
Phone: +34 683343811
Email: lubor.gaal@circio.com

About Circio

Building next generation RNA therapeutics

Circio Holding ASA is a biotechnology company developing novel circular RNA gene
therapies and immunotherapy medicines.

Circio has established a unique circular RNA (circRNA) platform for genetic
medicine. The proprietary circVec technology is based on a modular genetic
cassette design for efficient biogenesis of multifunctional circRNA from DNA and
viral vectors, which can be deployed in multiple disease settings. The circVec
platform has demonstrated enhanced and more durable protein expression than
classic mRNA vector systems, and has the potential to become the new gold
-standard for DNA and virus-based therapeutics in the future. The circRNA R&D
activities are being conducted by the wholly owned subsidiary Circio AB based at
the Karolinska Institute in Stockholm, Sweden.

In addition, Circio is developing a cancer vaccine, TG01, targeting KRAS driver
mutations. TG01 is currently being tested in three clinical trials: RAS-mutated
pancreatic cancer and lung and non-resectable pancreatic cancer in US, and
multiple myeloma in Norway. These studies are being run through academic
collaborative networks, supported by prestigious research grants from Innovation
Norway and the Norwegian Research Council, creating read-outs and future
optionality for the program at low cost to Circio.