Oslo, Norway (4 August 2020) - In accordance with the measures approved by the
shareholders of TGS at the Annual General Meeting on 9 May 2017, the Board of
Directors of TGS NOPEC Geophysical Company ASA authorized TGS to grant
Performance Stock Units (PSUs) and Restricted Stock Units (RSUs) under the 2017
Long Term Incentive Plan to key employees of TGS on 4 August 2017. Each RSU
represented the right to receive one share, while each PSU represented the right
to receive a maximum of one share depending on performance against target
metrics during the measurement period of 1 January 2017 to 31 December 2019. The
granted PSUs and RSUs were secured by free-standing warrants.

In accordance with the terms of the 2017 Long Term Incentive Plan, the PSUs and
RSUs vested on 4 August 2020, resulting in a total of 53 PSU/RSU holders having
the right to request the issuance of a total of 401,000 TGS shares at par value
NOK 0.25. The TGS Board of Directors determined that the final payout on the
PSUs is 100% based on achievement of performance metrics set forth in the plan,
resulting in a total of 296,000 shares issuable to ten holders of the vested
PSUs. In addition, 144,000 shares are issuable to 43 employees for the vesting
of the RSUs.

PSU/RSU holders have the option of allowing a portion of their vested shares to
be cash settled by TGS, using the fair market value of the shares as defined
under the plan, to cover tax withholding obligations and other necessary
deductions that arise in connection with the vest.

The following primary insiders have the right to request the issuance of the
following number of TGS shares related to the vesting of the PSUs/RSUs, a
portion of which may be cash-settled as described above:

----Fredrik Amundsen -- 26,000 shares

----William J.C. Ashby -- 23,000 shares

----Whitney Eaton --­­ 1,500 shares

----Kristian Kuvaas Johansen -- 68,000 shares

----Sven Borre Larsen ­-- 32,000 shares

----Tana LaDon Pool --­­ 23,000 shares

----Tanya Herwanger -- 23,000 shares

----Amund Soia -- 3,000 shares

Attached is the list of primary insiders reflecting the balance of free-standing
warrants relating to granted PSUs and RSUs after the vesting of the 2017 Long
Term Incentive Plan.

About TGS
TGS provides multi-client geoscience data to oil and gas Exploration and
Production companies worldwide. In addition to extensive global geophysical and
geological data libraries that include multi-client seismic data, magnetic and
gravity data, digital well logs, production data and directional surveys, TGS
also offers advanced processing and imaging services, interpretation products,
and data integration solutions.

Forward Looking Statement
All statements in this press release other than statements of historical fact
are forward-looking statements, which are subject to a number of risks,
uncertainties and assumptions that are difficult to predict, and are based upon
assumptions as to future events that may not prove accurate. These factors
include TGS' reliance on a cyclical industry and principal customers, TGS'
ability to continue to expand markets for licensing of data, and TGS' ability to
acquire and process data product at costs commensurate with profitability, as
well as volatile market conditions, which have been exacerbated by the COVID-19
pandemic and the severe drop in oil prices.  Actual results may differ
materially from those expected or projected in the forward-looking statements.
TGS undertakes no responsibility or obligation to update or alter forward-
looking statements for any reason.

For more information, visit TGS.com (http://www.tgs.com) or contact:

Fredrik Amundsen
Chief Financial Officer
investor@tgs.com (mailto:investor@tgs.com)