NOT FOR RELEASE, PUBLICATION OR DISTRIBUTION, IN WHOLE OR IN PART, DIRECTLY OR
INDIRECTLY, IN OR INTO THE UNITED STATES, AUSTRALIA, CANADA OR JAPAN, OR ANY
OTHER JURISDICTION IN WHICH THE RELEASE, PUBLICATION OR DISTRIBUTION WOULD BE
UNLAWFUL. THIS ANNOUNCEMENT DOES NOT CONSTITUTE AN OFFER OF ANY OF THE
SECURITIES DESCRIBED HEREIN.

Reference is made to the subsequent offering (the "Subsequent Offering") in
Norwegian Energy Company ASA (the "Company") as previously announced, latest on
12 August 2019.

Frederik Rustad, managing director of the Company, has today through his wholly
owned company Rhapsodie AS subscribed for 4,500 new shares in the Subsequent
Offering, corresponding to the number of subscription rights purchased, at a
subscription price of NOK 185 per new share as well as over-subscribed for
additional shares. Following this transaction and the issue of the new shares in
the Subsequent Offering, Frederik Rustad, and companies controlled by him, will
own 4,500 shares, 0 subscription rights and 80,000 options for shares in the
Company.

Joakim Adeola Helgesen, secretary to the board of directors, has today through
his wholly owned company Alkmaar AS subscribed for 360 new shares in the
Subsequent Offering, corresponding to the number of subscription rights which
were allocated to him in the Subsequent Offering based on existing shareholding
and additional subscription rights purchased, at a subscription price of NOK 185
per new share as well as over-subscribed for additional shares. Following this
transaction and the issue of the new shares in the Subsequent Offering, Joakim
Adeola Helgesen, and companies controlled by him, will own 460 shares, 0
subscription rights and 15,000 options for shares in the Company.

This information is subject to disclosure requirements pursuant to section 4-2
of the Norwegian Securities Trading Act.

For further information, please contact:

Investor Relations

Tel.: +47 22 33 60 00 or email: ir@noreco.com
***

About Norwegian Energy Company ASA

Noreco is a publicly owned company with focus on the oil, gas and offshore
industry. The company's shares are listed on the Oslo Stock Exchange (ticker
NOR). For further information, please visit: www.noreco.com.

IMPORTANT INFORMATION

The contents of this announcement have been prepared by, and are the sole
responsibility of, the Company. The Company's joint lead managers are acting
exclusively for the Company and no one else, and will not be responsible to
anyone other than the Company for providing the protections afforded to their
respective clients, or for advice in relation to the securities transactions,
the contents of this announcement or any of the matters referred to herein.

The securities transactions and the distribution of this announcement and other
information in connection with the securities transactions may be restricted by
law in certain jurisdictions. The Company assumes no responsibility in the event
there is a violation by any person of such restrictions. Persons into whose
possession this announcement or such other information should come are required
to inform themselves about, and to observe, any such restrictions.

This announcement may not be used for, or in connection with, and does not
constitute, any offer of securities for sale in the United States or in any
other jurisdiction. The securities transactions have not been made in any
jurisdiction or in any circumstances in which such offer or solicitation would
be unlawful. This announcement is not for distribution, directly or indirectly
in or into any jurisdiction in which it is unlawful to make any such offer or
solicitation to such person or where prior registration or approval is required
for that purpose. No steps have been taken or will be taken relating to the
securities transactions in any jurisdiction in which such steps would be
required.

Neither the publication and/or delivery of this announcement shall under any
circumstances imply that there has been no change in the affairs of the Company
or that the information contained herein is correct as of any date subsequent to
the earlier of the date hereof and any earlier specified date with respect to
such information.

This announcement is not for publication or distribution, directly or
indirectly, in the United States (including its territories and possessions, any
state of the United States and the District of Columbia). This announcement does
not constitute or form part of any offer or solicitation to purchase or
subscribe for securities in the United States. Securities may not be offered or
sold in the United States absent registration or an exemption from registration.
The shares of the Company nor the shares or bonds issued in the securities
transactions have not been and will not be registered under the United States
Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "US Securities Act") or with any
securities regulatory authority of any state or other jurisdiction of the United
States, and may not be offered or sold in the United States or to, or for the
account of, U.S. persons (as such term is defined in Regulation S under the US
Securities Act), except pursuant to an effective registration statement under,
or an exemption from the registration requirements of, the US Securities Act.
All offers and sales outside the United States will be made in reliance on
Regulation S under the US Securities Act. There will be no public offer of
securities in the United States.

This announcement does not constitute an offering circular or prospectus in
connection with an offering of securities of the Company. Investors must neither
accept any offer for, nor acquire, any securities to which this document refers,
unless they do so on the basis of the information contained in the investor
material made available by the Company only to qualified persons in certain
jurisdictions where an offer may be made. This announcement does not constitute
an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy or subscribe for, any
securities and cannot be relied on for any investment contract or decision.

This document contains forward-looking statements. All statements other than
statements of historical fact included in this information are forward-looking
statements. Forward-looking statements are current expectations and projections
relating to the Company's financial condition, results of operations, plans,
objectives, future performance and business. These statements may include,
without limitation, any statements preceded by, followed by or including words
such as "target,"  "believe," "expect,"  "aim," "intend,"  "may," "anticipate,"
"estimate,"  "plan," "project," "will," "can have," "likely," "should," "would,"
"could" and other words and terms of similar meaning or the negative thereof.
Such  forward-looking statements involve known  and unknown risks, uncertainties
and  other  important  factors  beyond  the Company's  control that could cause
the    Company's   actual  results,  performance  or  achievements  to  be
materially different  from the expected  results, performance or  achievements
expressed or implied  by such forward-looking statements. Such forward-looking
statements are based on numerous assumptions regarding the Company's present and
future business strategies and the environment in which it will operate in the
future.

This information is subject to the disclosure requirements pursuant to section 5
-12 of the Norwegian Securities Trading Act.