Mr. Kees Kloet, Chief Operating Officer of The Kingfish Company (the “Company”) and defined as a person discharging managerial responsibilities (PDMR), has today sold 500,000 shares in the Company through his investment vehicle C.J. Kloet Beheer B.V. The disposal was completed as a bilateral transaction at a price of NOK 18.3152 per share, equal to the volume-weighted average price the last 25 trading days leading up to and including 22 April 2022. The disposal takes place solely for personal reasons, Mr. Kloet’s continued strong belief in the Company’s future restated by his recent commitment to developing the Company’s next generation RAS technology in the role as Chief Technology Officer. Following the transaction, Mr. Kloet retains the majority of his shares and still owns 1,350,000 shares in the Company through C.J. Kloet Beheer B.V.

For inquiries, please contact:
ir@the-kingfish-company.com

This information is published in accordance with the disclosure requirements in Regulation EU 596/2014 (MAR) article 19 number 3, section 5-12 of the Norwegian Securities Trading Act, and the Oslo Rule Book II.


About The Kingfish Company

The Kingfish Company is a pioneer and leader in sustainable land-based aquaculture. Current annual production capacity at its Kingfish Zeeland facility in the Netherlands is 1,500 tons of high quality and high value Yellowtail Kingfish.

Expansion is underway and capacity in the Netherlands will reach 3,500 tons in the second half of 2022. In the US, permitting for the company’s 8,500 tons capacity facility is progressing as planned.

Production is based on advanced recirculating aquaculture systems (RAS), which protect biodiversity and ensure biosecurity. Animal welfare is paramount, and the fish is grown without use of antibiotics and vaccines. Operations run on 100 percent renewable energy, sourced from wind, solar and biogas. The company’s facilities operate on sea water, avoiding wasting of precious fresh water.

The Kingfish Company’s main product at present, the Yellowtail Kingfish (also known as Ricciola/Hiramasa/Greater Amberjack) is a highly versatile premium fish species, well known in the Italian and Asian fusion cuisines.

Its products are certified and approved as sustainable and environmentally friendly by Aquaculture Stewardship Council (ASC), Best Aquaculture Practices (BAP) and British Retail Consortium (BRC). It was the winner of the 2019 Seafood Excellence Award, and it is recommended as green choice by Good Fish Foundation.