Oslo, 9 September 2025: Reference is made to the stock exchange announcement made by Huddly AS (the "Company") on 21 August 2025 regarding the private placement of new shares in the Company, raising gross proceeds of approx. NOK 61 million, (the "Private Placement"), and on 22 August 2025 regarding the successful completion of the Private Placement. Reference is further made to the stock exchange announcement made on 8 September 2025 regarding the Company's extraordinary general meeting resolving to approve inter alia (i) the issuance of new shares in the Private Placement and (ii) to grant the board of directors an authorisation to issue (a) new shares as compensation to the pre-committing investors in the Private Placement (the "Fee Shares"), and (b) new shares in connection with a proposed subsequent offering. 

The Company's board of directors has today resolved to increase the share capital by issuance of 227,265 Fee Shares, as authorised by the extraordinary general meeting (item (ii) above). 

The following close associates of primary insiders have subscribed for Fee Shares: 

- Sonstad AS, being a company closely associated with Jon Øyvind Eriksen, chair of the board, has subscribed for 54,545 Fee Shares;
- Kolberg Motors AS and Multiplikator AS, being companies closely associated with Kristian Kolberg, a board member of the Company, have subscribed for 35,583 and 4,545 Fee Shares, respectively;
- SOM Holding AS, being a company closely associated with Stein Ove Eriksen, co-founder and CPO, has subscribed for 454 Fee Shares. 

Please see the attached notifications of trade for further information. 

This information is subject to the disclosure requirements in article 19 of the Regulation EU 596/2014 (the EU Market Abuse Regulation) and section 5-12 of the Norwegian Securities Trading Act.

For more information, please contact:

Jon Øyvind Eriksen, chair of the Board, +47 93 06 03 30, admin@sonstad.no 
Abhijit Saha Banik, CFO, +47 40 83 09 64, abi.banik@huddly.com

* * *

About Huddly AS

Disruptive innovation is our heartbeat at Huddly. We're committed to pushing technology and challenging the status quo in to empower human collaboration. Combining our industry-leading expertise in artificial intelligence, software, hardware, and UX, we craft intelligent camera systems that enable inclusive and productive teamwork. Huddly cameras are designed to provide high-quality, AI-powered video meetings on major platforms, including Microsoft Teams, Zoom, and Google Meet. With upgradable software, durable hardware, and engaging user experiences, they are the ideal choice for organizations seeking a future-proof, scalable, and sustainable solution. Founded in 2013, Huddly is headquartered in Oslo, Norway, with presence in the US and EMEA and distribution globally.
