Det vises til børsmelding av 9. november 2018 vedrørende vedtak om rettet emisjon, reparasjonsemisjon mot LO, etterfølgende emisjon og ansatteemisjon i SpareBank 1 Østlandet ("Emisjonene"), samt børsmelding av 4. januar 2019 om godkjent prospekt og tidspunkt for oppstart av tegningsperioden i Emisjonene.

Banken har mottatt melding om at følgende primærinnsidere har tegnet egenkapitalbevis i ansatteemisjonen:

Werner Bosaaen, leder BM Kreditt, har tegnet 1453 nye egenkapitalbevis. Forutsatt full tildeling, vil ny beholdning inkludert nærstående være 5657 egenkapitalbevis.

Espen Mejlænder-Larsen, konserndirektør organisasjons- og kapitalmarked, har tegnet 1453 nye egenkapitalbevis. Forutsatt full tildeling, vil ny beholdning være 4978 egenkapitalbevis.

Hans Olav Wedvik, konserndirektør bedriftsmarked, har tegnet 1453 nye egenkapitalbevis. Forutsatt full tildeling, vil ny beholdning være 3055 egenkapitalbevis.

Gudrun Michelsen, konserndirektør forretningsdrift, har tegnet 1300 nye egenkapitalbevis. Forutsatt full tildeling, vil ny beholdning være 3864 egenkapitalbevis.

Siv Stenseth, konserndirektør kommunikasjon, har tegnet 1453 nye egenkapitalbevis. Forutsatt full tildeling, vil ny beholdning være 3055 egenkapitalbevis.

Vidar Nordheim, konserndirektør risiko og compliance, har tegnet 1453 nye egenkapitalbevis. Forutsatt full tildeling, vil ny beholdning være 3885 egenkapitalbevis.

Kari Elise Gisnås, konserndirektør personmarked, har tegnet 1453 nye egenkapitalbevis. Forutsatt full tildeling, vil ny beholdning være 3055 egenkapitalbevis.

Dag-Arne Hoberg, konserndirektør innovasjon og forretningsutvikling, har tegnet 3000 nye egenkapitalbevis. Forutsatt full tildeling, vil ny beholdning være 5884 egenkapitalbevis.  

Tegningene er foretatt i henhold til vilkårene inntatt i prospektet utarbeidet og offentliggjort i forbindelse med notering og tilbud om tegning av egenkapitalbevis i SpareBank 1 Østlandet datert 4. januar 2019.

Kontaktinformasjon:
Richard Heiberg, konsernsjef, mob: +47 90 20 60 18, e-post: richard.heiberg@sb1ostlandet.no 
Geir-Egil Bolstad, finansdirektør, mob: +47 91 88 20 71, e-post: geir-egil.bolstad@sb1ostlandet.no

Om SpareBank 1 Østlandet:
SpareBank 1 Østlandet er den fjerde største sparebanken i Norge målt etter forretningskapital. Banken har ca. 334 000 kunder i hovedsak spredt over de fire fylkene Banken opererer i: Hedmark, Oppland, Akershus og Oslo. Bankens hovedkontor ligger i Hamar (Hedmark). Banken tilbyr et bredt speker av produkter innen lån, innskudd, forsikring, pensjon, betalingsformidling, eiendomsmegling, regnskapsføringstjenester, leasing og finansiering. 

Important Notice 
The contents of this announcement have been prepared by, and are the sole responsibility of, the Bank. The Bank's financial advisors are acting exclusively for the Bank and no one else, and will not be responsible to anyone other than the Bank for providing the protections afforded to their respective clients, or for advice in relation to the Offerings, the contents of this announcement or any of the matters referred to herein. The Offerings and the distribution of this announcement and other information in connection with the Offerings may be restricted by law in certain jurisdictions. The Bank assumes no responsibility in the event there is a violation by any person of such restrictions. Persons into whose possession this announcement or such other information should come are required to inform themselves about, and to observe, any such restrictions. This announcement may not be used for, or in connection with, and does not constitute, any offer of securities for sale in the United States or in any other jurisdiction.

The Offerings has not been made in any jurisdiction or in any circumstances in which such offer or solicitation would be unlawful. This announcement is not for distribution, directly or indirectly in or into any jurisdiction in which it is unlawful to make any such offer or solicitation to such person or where prior registration or approval is required for that purpose. No steps have been taken or will be taken relating to the Offerings in any jurisdiction in which such steps would be required. Neither the publication and/or delivery of this announcement shall under any circumstances imply that there has been no change in the affairs of the Bank or that the information contained herein is correct as of any date subsequent to the earlier of the date hereof and any earlier specified date with respect to such information.

This announcement is not for publication or distribution, directly or indirectly, in the United States (including its territories and possessions, any state of the United States and the District of Columbia). This announcement does not constitute or form part of any offer or solicitation to purchase or subscribe for securities in the United States. Securities may not be offered or sold in the United States absent registration or an exemption from registration. The equity capital certificates to be issued in the Offerings have not been and will not be registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "US Securities Act") or with any securities regulatory authority of any state or other jurisdiction of the United States, and may not be offered or sold in the United States or to, or for the account of, U.S. persons (as such term is defined in Regulation S under the US Securities Act), except pursuant to an effective registration statement under, or an exemption from the registration requirements of, the US Securities Act. All offers and sales outside the United States will be made in reliance on Regulation S under the US Securities Act. There will be no public offer of securities in the United States.

This announcement does not constitute an offering circular or prospectus in connection with an offering of securities of the Bank. Investors must neither accept any offer for, nor acquire, any securities to which this document refers, unless they do so on the basis of the information contained in the investor material made available by the Bank only to qualified persons in certain jurisdictions where an offer may be made (if an offer is made). This announcement does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy or subscribe for, any securities and cannot be relied on for any investment contract or decision.

This information is subject to the disclosure requirements pursuant to section 5-12 of the Norwegian Securities Trading Act.