DSRT: Desert Control AS: Sale of shares by board member
Sandnes, Norway, 29 June 2022: A member of the board of directors in Desert Control AS ("Desert Control" or the "Company") have on 29 June 2022 sold shares in the company.  

Brage Johansen, a member of the board of directors of the Company, has through Beyond Centauri AS sold 150 000 shares in the Company at an average price of NOK 29.9632. Following the transaction, Beyond Centauri AS holds a total of 1 356 371 shares in the Company. 

Primary insider notification pursuant to the market abuse regulation article 19 are attached.


For further information, please contact: 

Erling Rasmussen, Chief Financial Officer, 
+ 47 482 11 151, 
erling.rasmussen@desertcontrol.com 




About Desert Control: 

Desert Control specializes in climate-smart Agri-tech solutions to combat desertification, soil degradation, and water scarcity. Its patented Liquid Natural Clay (LNC) enables sustainable ecosystem management by restoring and protecting soil’s ability to preserve water and increase yields for agriculture, forests, and green landscapes. LNC enables sand and degraded soil to retain water and nutrients, thus increasing crop yields and ecosystem resilience while preserving water resources by up to 50%.    

Agriculture and food production already consume more than 70% of all available freshwater. Desertification and soil degradation further increases water consumption in a negative spiral. Our growing global population will require more food in the next 40 years than was produced over the last 500 years, putting even more pressure on vital resources such as water. This is the problem Desert Control is determined to solve. According to the United Nations, twelve million hectares of fertile land perish to desertification, representing an annual $490 billion loss to the global economy. 

Desert Control’s vision is making earth green again. 

https://www.desertcontrol.com

This information is subject to the disclosure requirements pursuant to the market abuse regulation article 19.