NOT FOR DISTRIBUTION OR RELEASE, DIRECTLY OR 
INDIRECTLY, TO UNITED STATES NEWS WIRE SERVICES OR 
FOR DISSEMINATION IN OR INTO THE UNITED STATES, 
AUSTRALIA, CANADA, JAPAN OR SOUTH AFRICA, OR ANY 
OTHER JURISDICTION IN WHICH THE DISTRIBUTION OR 
RELEASE WOULD BE UNLAWFUL. 

Europris ASA - Mandatory notification of trade

Oslo, 21 July 2015. Reference is made to the stock 
exchange announcement published today regarding end 
of stabilisation and exercise of over-allotment 
option in respect of the shares in Europris ASA 
("Europris", the "Company", OSE ticker code: "EPR").

NC Europris Holding B.V. (an entity controlled by 
Nordic Capital Fund VII) ("Nordic Capital") has today 
sold 2,087,196 shares in Europris at a price of NOK 
45 per share under the over-allotment option granted 
to ABG Sundal Collier Norge ASA (on behalf of the 
managers of Europris' initial public offering acting 
as stabilisation manager). Nordic Capital is 
represented on the board of directors of Europris.

Following the transaction, Nordic Capital owns 
74,619,558 shares in Europris, representing 44.69% 
based on a total number of outstanding shares of 
166,968,888 shares.


Important Notice

Neither this announcement nor any copy of it may be 
made or transmitted into the United States, or 
distributed, directly or indirectly, in the United 
States. Neither this announcement nor any copy of it 
may be taken or transmitted directly or indirectly 
into Australia, Canada, Japan or South Africa or to 
any persons in any of those jurisdictions, except in 
compliance with applicable securities laws. Any 
failure to comply with this restriction may 
constitute a violation of Australian, Canadian, 
Japanese, South African or United States securities 
laws. The distribution of this announcement in other 
jurisdictions may be restricted by law and persons 
into whose possession this announcement comes should 
inform themselves about, and observe, any such 
restrictions. This announcement does not constitute, 
or form part of, an offer to sell, or a solicitation 
of an offer to purchase, any securities in Australia, 
Canada, Japan, South Africa or the United States or 
in any jurisdiction to whom or in which such offer or 
solicitation is unlawful.
	
The securities referred to in this announcement have 
not been and will not be registered under the U.S. 
Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities 
Act"), or any securities laws of any state or other 
jurisdiction of the United States and may not be 
offered or sold within the United States except 
pursuant to an exemption from, or in a transaction 
not subject to, the registration requirements of the 
Securities Act and in compliance with applicable 
state law. There will be no public offer of the 
securities in the United States. 

This announcement is only being distributed to and is 
only directed at persons in the United Kingdom that 
are (i) investment professionals falling within 
Article 19(5) of the Financial Services and Markets 
Act 2000 (Financial Promotion) Order 2005, as amended 
(the "Order") or (ii) high net worth entities, and 
other persons to whom this announcement may lawfully 
be communicated, falling within Article 49(2)(a) to 
(d) of the Order (all such persons together being 
referred to as "relevant persons"). This announcement 
must not be acted on or relied on by persons who are 
not relevant persons. Any investment or investment 
activity to which this announcement relates is 
available only to relevant persons and will be 
engaged in only with relevant persons. Persons 
distributing this announcement must satisfy 
themselves that it is lawful to do so.

This announcement is an advertisement and does not 
constitute a prospectus for the purposes of the 
Prospectus Directive. The expression "Prospectus 
Directive" means Directive 2003/71/EC (as amended, 
including by Directive 2010/73/EU), and includes any 
relevant implementing measure in each Relevant Member 
State. The prospectus prepared by the Company 
pursuant to the Prospectus Directive and approved by 
the competent authority in Norway (the "Prospectus") 
can be obtained on the Company's website, subject to 
regulatory restrictions. Investors should not 
subscribe for any securities referred to in this 
announcement except on the basis of information 
contained in the Prospectus. Before purchasing any 
shares of the Company, persons viewing this 
announcement should ensure that they fully understand 
and accept the risks set out in the Prospectus. The 
information in this announcement is for background 
purposes only and does not purport to be full or 
complete. No reliance may be placed for any purpose 
on the information contained in this announcement or 
its accuracy or completeness. This announcement does 
not constitute or form part of any offer or 
invitation to sell or issue, or any solicitation of 
any offer to purchase or subscribe for any shares of 
the Company or any other securities nor shall it (or 
any part of it) or the fact of its distribution, form 
the basis of, or be relied on in connection with, any 
contract therefor.

In any EEA Member State other than Norway that has 
implemented the Prospectus Directive, this 
communication is only addressed to and is only 
directed at qualified investors in that Member State 
within the meaning of the Prospectus Directive.

Stabilization/FCA. 
Matters discussed in this announcement may constitute 
forward-looking statements. Forward-looking 
statements are statements that are not historical 
facts and may be identified by words such 
as "believe", "expect", "anticipate", "strategy", "int
ends", "estimate", "will", "may", "continue", "should"
 and similar expressions. The forward-looking 
statements in this release are based upon various 
assumptions, many of which are based, in turn, upon 
further assumptions. Although the Company believes 
that these assumptions were reasonable when made, 
these assumptions are inherently subject to 
significant known and unknown risks, uncertainties, 
contingencies and other important factors which are 
difficult or impossible to predict and are beyond its 
control. Such risks, uncertainties, contingencies and 
other important factors could cause actual events to 
differ materially from the expectations expressed or 
implied in this release by such forward-looking 
statements. 

The information, opinions and forward-looking 
statements contained in this announcement speak only 
as at its date, and are subject to change without 
notice. Each of the Company, the joint bookrunners 
(the "Joint Bookrunners") of the Company's initial 
public offering (the "Offering") and their respective 
affiliates expressly disclaim any obligation or 
undertaking to update, review or revise any forward-
looking statement contained in this announcement 
whether as a result of new information, future 
developments or otherwise.

This announcement does not constitute any 
recommendation concerning the shares of the Company. 
The price and value of securities and any income from 
them can go down as well as up. Past performance is 
not a guide to future performance. Information in 
this announcement or any of the documents relating to 
the Company cannot be relied upon as a guide to 
future performance. Potential investors should 
consult a professional advisor as to the suitability 
of an investment in the shares of the Company for the 
entity concerned. Goldman Sachs International and 
Merrill Lynch International each of which is 
authorised by the Prudential Regulation Authority 
("PRA") and regulated by the PRA and the Financial 
Conduct Authority ("FCA"), ABG Sundal Collier Norge 
ASA, which is authorised and regulated by the 
Financial Supervisory Authority of Norway 
(the "Norwegian FSA"), and Skandinaviska Enskilda 
Banken AB (publ.), Oslo Branch, which is authorised 
and regulated by the Swedish Financial Supervisory 
Authority, i.e. Finansinspektionen, and the Norwegian 
FSA, are acting exclusively for the Company and no 
one else in connection with the Offering. 

In connection with the Offering, the Joint 
Bookrunners and any of their affiliates, may take up 
a portion of the shares of the Company in the 
Offering as a principal position and in that capacity 
may retain, purchase, sell, offer to sell for their 
own accounts such securities and other securities of 
the Company or related investments in connection with 
the Offering or otherwise. Accordingly, references in 
the Prospectus to the securities being issued, 
offered, subscribed, acquired, placed or otherwise 
dealt in should be read as including any issue or 
offer to, or subscription, acquisition, placing or 
dealing by, the Joint Bookrunners and any of their 
affiliates acting as investors for their own 
accounts. The Joint Bookrunners do not intend to 
disclose the extent of any such investment or 
transactions otherwise than in accordance with any 
legal or regulatory obligations to do so.

None of the Joint Bookrunners or any of their 
respective affiliates or any of their respective 
directors, officers, employees, advisors or agents 
accepts any responsibility or liability whatsoever 
for, or makes any representation or warranty, express 
or implied, as to the truth, accuracy or completeness 
of the information in this announcement (or whether 
any information has been omitted from the 
announcement) or any other information relating to 
the Company, its subsidiaries or associated 
companies, whether written, oral or in a visual or 
electronic form, and howsoever transmitted or made 
available, or for any loss howsoever arising from any 
use of this announcement or its contents or otherwise 
arising in connection therewith.

This information is subject to the disclosure 
requirements pursuant to section 4-2 of the Norwegian 
Securities Trading Act.

