Oslo, 20 May 2021: Option holders under NEXT Biometrics Group ASA's (the "Company", OSE ticker: NEXT) share option program have today exercised a total of 748,500 options at an exercise price of NOK 2.49 per share, as per the terms and conditions of the share option program. The exercised options will be settled by issuance of new shares in the Company. 

Further to the above, the board of directors of the Company has in a board meeting held today, on 20 May 2021, resolved to increase the Company's share capital with NOK 748,500 by the issuance of 748,500 new shares, each with a nominal value of NOK 1.00. The share issue was resolved pursuant to an authorization to increase the Company's share capital granted by the annual general meeting of shareholders on 12 May 2021, and for the purpose of facilitating settlement of the exercised options.

The below primary insiders have exercised options under the Company's share option program:
•	Eirik Underthun (CFO), exercised 500,000 options and thereby subscribed for 500,000 new shares in the Company. Following completion of the share issue, he holds 500,000 shares and 500,000 options in the Company.
Further details of the primary insider transactions pursuant to Article 19 of the EU Market Abuse Regulation are attached.

All of the exercised options have been granted under the Company's share option program, as described in the Company's latest annual financial statements and report, which is based on guidelines approved by the general meeting of shareholders.

Following the registration of the share capital increase with the Norwegian Register of Business Enterprises (Nw. Foretaksregisteret), the new share capital of the Company will be NOK 91,512,886, divided into 91,512,886 shares, each with a nominal value of NOK 1.00. The share capital increase will be registered with the Norwegian Register of Business Enterprises as soon as practically possible after the share contribution has been paid in full.

This information is subject to the disclosure requirements pursuant to Article 19 of the EU Market Abuse Regulation and section 5-12 of the Norwegian Securities Trading Act.

NEXT Investor contact:
Peter Heuman (CEO), peter.heuman@nextbiometrics.com
Eirik Underthun (CFO), eirik.underthun@nextbiometrics.com

About NEXT Biometrics
NEXT provides advanced fingerprint sensor technology that delivers uncompromised security and accuracy for the best possible user experience in the smart card, government ID, access control and notebook markets. The company’s patented NEXT Active Thermal™ principle allows the development of large, high quality fingerprint sensors in both rigid and flexible formats. NEXT Biometrics Group ASA (www.nextbiometrics.com) is headquartered in Oslo, with sales, support and development operations in Seattle, Taipei, Bengaluru and Shanghai.