NOT FOR DISTRIBUTION OR RELEASE, DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY, IN OR INTO THE UNITED STATES, CANADA, AUSTRALIA, THE HONG KONG SPECIAL ADMINISTRATIVE REGION OF THE PEOPLE'S REPUBLIC OF CHINA OR JAPAN OR ANY OTHER JURISDICTION IN WHICH THE DISTRIBUTION OR RELEASE WOULD BE UNLAWFUL. OTHER RESTRICTIONS ARE APPLICABLE. PLEASE SEE THE IMPORTANT NOTICE AT THE END OF THIS ANNOUNCEMENT


Oslo, 1. juli 2025 

Tegningsperioden for fortrinnsrettsemisjonen ("Fortrinnsrettsemisjonen") i Nordic Financials ASA ("Selskapet") utløp kl. 16:30 den 30. juni 2025. Ved utløpet av tegningsperioden hadde Selskapet mottatt tegninger for totalt 3 244 030 638 nye aksjer. Fortrinnsrettsemisjonen ble følgelig overtegnet med 62 %.

Inntil maksimalt 2 000 000 000 nye aksjer ("Tilbudsaksjene") ble tilbudt i Fortrinnsrettsemisjonen. Den endelige allokeringen av Tilbudsaksjene i Fortrinnsrettsemisjonen er nå fullført i henhold til allokeringskriteriene angitt i den ordinære generalforsamlingens vedtak datert 28. mai 2025 ("OGF"). 

1 635 018 404 Tilbudsaksjer, som utgjorde 81,8 % av det totale antallet tilbudte Tilbudsaksjer, ble tegnet og allokert gjennom utøvelse av omsettelige tegningsretter. 364 981 596 Tilbudsaksjer, som utgjør 18,2 % av det totale antallet tilbudte Tilbudsaksjer, tildeles forholdsmessig til tegnere som har overtegnet basert på antall omsettelige tegningsretter som hver tegner har utøvet. Det er ikke foretatt noen allokering til tegnere uten omsettelige tegningsretter.

Meldinger om allokerte Tilbudsaksjer forventes å bli distribuert i dag, 1. juli 2025. Betaling for de allokerte Tilbudsaksjene forfaller 3. juli 2025 i samsvar med betalingsprosedyrene beskrevet i tegningsblanketten. Hver tegner i Fortrinnsrettsemisjonen må sørge for at det er tilstrekkelige med midler på den bankkontoen som angitt av tegneren på tegningsblanketten, slik at tegningsbeløpet som er relevant for hver tegner kan belastes 3. juli 2025 i henhold til fullmakten som angitt i tegningsblanketten.

ALLOKERING AV TILBUDSAKSJER TIL PRIMÆRINNSIDERE OG NÆRSTÅENDE I FORTRINNSRETTSEMISJONEN 
Følgende primærinnsidere, inkludert deres nære nærstående, har blitt tildelt Tilbudsaksjer i Selskapet til en tegningskurs på NOK 0,015 i henhold til allokeringsprinsippene angitt vedtak fra OGF:

•	Styremedlem, Jan P. Harto, er tildelt 15 000 000 Tilbudsaksjer. 

•	CIO, Svend Egil Larsen, gjennom sitt selskap Selaco AS, er tildelt 100 000 000 Tilbudsaksjer. 

Primærinnsidemeldinger i henhold til Markedsmisbruksforordningen artikkel 19 er vedlagt.

TEGNING AV GARANTIPROVISJONSAKSJER AV PRIMÆRINNSIDERE OG NÆRSTÅENDE
I tillegg til det ovennevnte, har følgende primærinnsidere, inkludert deres nære nærstående, tegnet nye aksjer i Selskapet til en tegningskurs på NOK 0,015 ("Garantiprovisjonsaksjene") i henhold til vedtak av OGF i forbindelse med oppgjør av garantiprovisjonen: 

•	CIO, Svend Egil Larsen, gjennom sitt selskap Selaco AS, har tegnet 20 000 000 Garantiprovisjonsaksjer. 
•	CEO, Halldor Chr. Tjoflaat, gjennom sitt selskap Hardanger Consulting AS tegnet 13 333 333 Garantiprovisjonsaksjer. 
•	Styremedlem, Jan P. Harto, har tegnet 10 000 000 Garantiprovisjonsaksjer. 

Primærinnsidemeldinger i henhold til Markedsmisbruksforordningen artikkel 19 er vedlagt.

Norne Securities AS er oppgjørsagent for Fortrinnsrettsemisjonen. Advokatfirmaet Selmer AS er juridisk rådgiver for Selskapet.

For ytterligere informasjon, vennligst kontakt: 

Nils Petter Skaset
Styreleder, Nordic Financials ASA
Tlf: +47 951 88 154, 
e-post: nps@nofin.no

Denne informasjonen er informasjonspliktig etter Markedsmisbruksforordningen artikkel 19 og verdipapirhandelloven § 5-12.





IMPORTANT INFORMATION
This announcement does not constitute an offer of securities for sale or a solicitation of an offer to purchase securities of the Company in the United States or any other jurisdiction. Copies of this document may not be sent to jurisdictions, or distributed in or sent from jurisdictions, in which this is barred or prohibited by law. The securities of the Company may not be offered or sold in the United States absent registration or an exemption from registration under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "U.S. Securities Act"). The securities of the Company have not been, and will not be, registered under the U.S. Securities Act. Any sale in the United States of the securities mentioned in this communication will be made solely to "qualified institutional buyers" as defined in Rule 144A under the U.S. Securities Act. No public offering of the securities will be made in the United States. 
This announcement is an advertisement and is not a prospectus for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 14 June 2017 on prospectuses to be published when securities are offered to the public or admitted to trading on a regulated market, and repealing Directive 2003/71/EC (as amended) as implemented in any EEA Member State (the "Prospectus Regulation"). Investors should not subscribe for any securities referred to in this announcement except on the basis of information contained in information made public by the Company. 
In any EEA Member State, this communication is only addressed to and is only directed at qualified investors in that Member State within the meaning of the Prospectus Regulation, i.e., only to investors who can receive the offer without an approved prospectus in such EEA Member State. 
In the United Kingdom, this communication is only addressed to and is only directed at Qualified Investors who (i) are investment professionals falling within Article 19(5) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion) Order 2005 (as amended) (the "Order") or (ii) are persons falling within Article 49(2)(a) to (d) of the Order (high net worth companies, unincorporated associations, etc.) (all such persons together being referred to as "Relevant Persons"). These materials are directed only at Relevant Persons and must not be acted on or relied on by persons who are not Relevant Persons. Any investment or investment activity to which this announcement relates is available only to Relevant Persons and will be engaged in only with Relevant Persons. Persons distributing this communication must satisfy themselves that it is lawful to do so. 
This document is not for publication or distribution in, directly or indirectly, Australia, Canada, Japan, the United States or any other jurisdiction in which such release, publication or distribution would be unlawful, and it does not constitute an offer or invitation to subscribe for or purchase any securities in such countries or in any other jurisdiction. In particular, the document and the information contained herein should not be distributed or otherwise transmitted into the United States or to publications with a general circulation in the United States of America. 
Any appointed manager will be acting for the Company in connection with the Rights Issue and no one else and will not be responsible to anyone other than the Company for providing the protections afforded to their respective clients or for providing advice in relation to the Rights Issue or any transaction or arrangement referred to in this announcement. 
Matters discussed in this announcement may constitute forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements are statements that are not historical facts and may be identified by words such as "anticipate", "believe", "continue", "estimate", "expect", "intends", "may", "should", "will" and similar expressions. The forward-looking statements in this release are based upon various assumptions, many of which are based, in turn, upon further assumptions. Although the Company believes that these assumptions were reasonable when made, these assumptions are inherently subject to significant known and unknown risks, uncertainties, contingencies and other important factors which are difficult or impossible to predict and are beyond its control. Such risks, uncertainties, contingencies and other important factors could cause actual events to differ materially from the expectations expressed or implied in this release by such forward-looking statements. The information, opinions and forward-looking statements contained in this announcement speak only as at its date and are subject to change without notice. This announcement is made by and is the responsibility of, the Company. Neither the Company's advisors nor any of its respective affiliates makes any representation as to the accuracy or completeness of this announcement and none of them accepts any responsibility for the contents of this announcement or any matters referred to herein. 
This announcement is for information purposes only and is not to be relied upon in substitution for the exercise of independent judgment. It is not intended as investment advice and under no circumstances is it to be used or considered as an offer to sell, or a solicitation of an offer to buy any securities or a recommendation to buy or sell any securities of the Company. No reliance may be placed for any purpose on the information contained in this announcement or its accuracy, fairness or completeness. Neither the Company's advisors nor any of its respective affiliates accepts any liability arising from the use of this announcement.
 
