Oslo, 24 September 2025: As part of Komplett ASA's long term incentive program
set out in the company's guidelines for remuneration of senior executives,
primary insiders have been granted a total of 877 198 share options in Komplett
ASA.

Each share option gives the right to purchase one share in Komplett ASA.

The strike price of the options was set to NOK 14.60 per share based on the
closing price on 23 September 2025. The strike price for the options will have a
premium of 3 per cent annually until the options are vested.

The options will vest gradually over three years after grant, whereas 20 per
cent of the options will vest after one year, 20 per cent after two years and
the remaining 60 per cent after three years. All options will expire five years
after the date of grant.

The following primary insiders have been granted options:

  · Thomas Røkke, CFO: 244 620 options
  · Morten Johnsen, Managing director Komplett Services: 189 677 options
  · Markus Solvik, Chief strategy officer: 153 340 options
  · Trygve Hillesland, Managing director Webhallen: 139 096 options
  · Kristian Kjernsmo, Chief operating officer: 150 465 options

The required form of notification and public disclosure by primary insiders
related to the grant is attached to this announcement.

For further inquiries, please contact:

Thomas Røkke, CFO
Thomas.Rokke@komplett.com

Kristin Hovland, Head of Communications
Kristin.Hovland@komplett.com


About Komplett ASA

Komplett Group is a leading online-first electronics and IT products retailer,
operating in Norway, Sweden and Denmark. Serving customers in the B2C, B2B and
distribution markets, the Group is deeply focused on delivering best-in-class
customer experience, built through decades of knowhow, expertise and deep
customer commitment. Komplett Group operates an efficient and scalable business
model that supports cost leadership and enables a competitive product offering.

This information is subject to the disclosure requirements pursuant to Section 5
-12 of the Norwegian Securities Trading Act.


