Oslo, 31 May 2022: Reference is made to the stock exchange announcement
published by Targovax ASA (the "Company") on 31 May 2022 regarding the
settlement of RSUs and the resolution to increase the share capital of the
Company. Further, the RSU-holders have in total received 79,006 additional RSUs
as an adjustment for the increased share float following the right and repair
issues previously completed by the Company pursuant to the terms and conditions
of the RSU agreements. Primary insider Eva-Lotta Allan has also sold 17,320
shares following the settlement of RSUs to cover the Primary Insider's cash
impact of the exercise price, tax and related fees from the settlement of the
RSUs and subscription of shares.

The RSUs are non-transferable and each RSU gives the right and obligation to
acquire one share in the Company at a price of NOK 0.10 per share (corresponding
to the nominal value of the shares) subject to satisfaction of the applicable
vesting conditions.

Please see the attached notifications of trade for further information:

PDMR notifications
31.05.2022.pdf (https://mb.cision.com/Public/17093/3577794/8dca26e012a3578e.pdf)

For further information, please contact:

Renate Birkeli, Investor Relations
Phone: +47 922 61 624
Email: renate.birkeli@targovax.com

Media enquires:
Andreas Tinglum - Corporate Communications (Norway)
Phone: +47 9300 1773
Email: andreas.tinglum@corpcom.no

About Targovax

Activating the patient's immune system to fight cancer

Targovax (OSE:TRVX) is a clinical stage immuno-oncology company developing
immune activators to target hard-to-treat solid tumors. Targovax's focus is to
activate the patient's immune system to fight cancer, and thereby bring benefit
to cancer patients with few available treatment alternatives. Targovax is
assessing its product candidates in different cancer indications, including
melanoma, mesothelioma, multiple myeloma and colorectal cancer, and has
demonstrated a favorable safety and tolerability profile.

Targovax's lead clinical candidate, ONCOS-102, is a genetically modified
oncolytic adenovirus, which has been engineered to selectively infect cancer
cells and activate the immune system to fight the cancer. On the back of very
encouraging clinical data in several indications, both as monotherapy and in
combinations, ONCOS-102 will progress into a phase 2 trial in multiple
combinations in melanoma patients resistant to PD1 checkpoint blockade.

Building on successful studies demonstrating clinical efficacy and providing
deep mechanistic insights, the ONCOS platform is being expanded into delivery of
circular RNA (circRNA). In addition, Targovax has a KRAS immunotherapy program,
with lead cancer vaccine candidate, TG01, due to enter the clinic in the second
half of 2022. This provides Targovax with a rich pipeline of innovative future
immunotherapy product candidates to follow ONCOS-102.