In  accordance with  the authorization  granted by  the AGM  on 8 June 2021, the
board  of  directors  of  SalMar  ASA  has  decided  to  establish a share-based
incentive  scheme (Restricted  Share Unit  Plan) for  senior executives  and key
personnel  employed by the company and  its subsidiaries. The scheme encompasses
up  to 250 000 shares and has a duration of three years. The company's liability
with respect to the scheme will be met through holdings of treasury shares.

The purpose of the share-based incentive scheme (RSUP) is to encourage employees
to maintain a deep, long-term engagement in the company, through a further
alignment of the employees' interests with those of other shareholders. Under
the RSUP, participating individuals will be awarded shares to motivate them to
contribute to the continued success and profitability of the company, as well as
deliver outstanding results. The RSUP will also enhance SalMar's ability to
attract and retain staff.

Under the RSUP, participants will receive, free of charge, Restricted Share
Units (RSUs), which, if certain predefined performance criteria are met within
an accrual period, will be released and transferred to them as shares. The RSUP
comprises three accrual periods of one, two and three calendar years
respectively, with 2021 being the first year. Each accrual period encompasses
1/3 of the total number of RSUs included in the scheme. One RSU gives a
contingent entitlement to one share.

The following criteria determine the award of RSUs during each of the three
accrual periods:
- Award of 1/3 of the RSUs is independent of any performance criteria
- Award of 1/3 of the RSUs depends on SalMar achieving a certain EBIT/kg more
than other aquaculture companies listed on the Oslo Stock Exchange during the
accrual period
- Award of 1/3 of the RSUs depends on SalMar's shares achieving a higher total
shareholder return (TSR) than a defined group of comparable companies during the
accrual period.

Accrual of RSUs under the scheme presumes that the individual is an employee of
SalMar or a participating subsidiary. The total gain from released RSUs during
one calendar year shall not exceed 100 per cent of the participant's base
salary. Under the scheme's rules, the number of RSUs will be adjusted in the
event of a dividend payout in order to preserve, but not increase, the value of
the RSU allocation.

The RSUP goes into effect on 20 December 2021 and encompasses senior executives
and key personnel at SalMar and its subsidiaries.

Restricted share units granted primary insiders 20 December 2021:

Frode Arntsen has received 1 872 RSUs in the Company
Roger Bekken has received 1 918 RSUs in the Company
Eva Haugen has received 1 123 RSUs in the Company
Håkon Husby has received 921 RSUs in the Company
Tone Ingebrigtsen has received 705 RSUs in the Company
Runar Sivertsen has received 1 140 RSUs in the Company
Ulrik Steinvik has received 1 647 RSUs in the Company
Trine Sæther Romuld has received 2 507 RSUs in the Company
Arthur Wisniewski has received 1 360 RSUs in the Company
Simon Søbstad has received 1 050 RSUs in the Company
Ståle Eide (related party of primary insider) has received 896 RSUs in the
Company
Gunn Marit Sivertsen (related party of primary insider) has received 451 RSUs in
the Company

New holdings:

After completion of the abovementioned grant Frode Arntsen holds 4 221 RSUs in
the Company. As of today the primary insider holds 4 706 shares in the Company.

After completion of the abovementioned grant Roger Bekken holds 4 322 RSUs in
the Company. As of today the primary insider holds 16 766 shares in the Company.

After completion of the abovementioned grant Eva Haugen holds 2 534 RSUs in the
Company. As of today the primary insider holds 6 649 shares in the Company.

After completion of the abovementioned grant Håkon Husby holds 1 892 RSUs in the
Company. As of today the primary insider holds 460 shares in the Company.

After completion of the abovementioned grant Tone Ingebrigtsen holds 1 592 RSUs
in the Company. As of today the primary insider holds 604 shares in the Company.

After completion of the abovementioned grant Runar Sivertsen holds 2 111 RSUs in
the Company. As of today the primary insider holds 3 190 shares in the Company.

After completion of the abovementioned grant Ulrik Steinvik holds 3 714 RSUs in
the Company. As of today the primary insider holds 139 335 shares in the
Company.

After completion of the abovementioned grant Trine Sæther Romuld holds 5 654
RSUs in the Company. As of today the primary insider holds 6 323 shares in the
Company.

After completion of the abovementioned grant Arthur Wisniewski holds 2 618 RSUs
in the Company. As of today the primary insider holds 1 480 shares in the
Company.

After completion of the abovementioned grant Simon Søbstad holds 2 367 RSUs in
the Company. As of today the primary insider holds 0 shares in the Company.

After completion of the abovementioned grant Ståle Eide holds 2 021 RSUs in the
Company. Ståle Eide (related party of primary insider) holds 0 shares in the
Company.

After completion of the abovementioned grant Gunn Marit Sivertsen holds 451 RSUs
in the Company. Gunn Marit Sivertsen (related party of primary insider) holds 0
shares in the Company.

For more information, please contact:
CFO Trine Sæther Romuld,
Tel: + 47 991 63 632
Email: trine.romuld@salmar.no (mailto:trine.romuld@salmar.no)
Website: www.salmar.no (http://www.salmar.no)

This information is subject to the disclosure requirements pursuant to Article
19 of  the  EU  Market  Abuse  Regulation  and  section  5-12 of  the  Norwegian
Securities Trading Act