13.9.2021 14:23:59 CEST | Andfjord Salmon | Mandatory notification of trade
primary insiders

UFI AS has today entered into a forward agreement for the amount of 1 308 597
shares in Andfjord Salmon AS with an exercise price of 44,32 kr per share with
an expiration date of 17. Dec 2021. At the same time UFI AS has sold 1 308 597
shares to DNB Markets at 44,00kr per share.

UFI AS` exposure in Andfjord Salmon AS is unchanged following this transaction.

Andfjord Salmon board member Kim Strandenæs is the CEO of UFI AS.



DISCLOSURE REGULATION

This information is subject to the disclosure requirements set out in section
5-12 of the Norwegian Securities Trading Act.

CONTACTS

 * Bjarne Martinsen, CFO, Andfjord Salmon AS, +4797508345,
   bjarne.martinsen@andfjord.no 

ABOUT ANDFJORD SALMON

About Andfjord Salmon AS

Andfjord Salmon has developed an innovative and sustainable aquaculture concept
for shore-based farming of Atlantic salmon, based on a flow-through farming
concept. The company's ambition is to build the world's most sustainable
aquaculture facility of its kind. The facility is escape-proof, lice-free and
its highly filtered effluent avoids polluting marine life. 

Located at Kvalnes on the island of Andøya on the Arctic Archipelago of
Vesterålen, Norway, the company's first facility is currently under
construction. The company holds a license to produce 12 600 tonnes (HOG) for
land-based farming of Atlantic salmon and has secured rights to land for a
planned expansion of an additional 77,400 tonnes (HOG) production capacity.
Further expansion is subject to the zoning of the land and granting of licenses. 

Andfjord Salmon AS is listed on Euronext Growth under the ticker ANDF. 
www.andfjordsalmon.com - http://www.andfjordsalmon.com/ 

The information in this announcement is subject to disclosure requirements under
the EU Market Abuse Regulation and Euronext Growth listing rules. The
information was submitted for publication by the contact person set out above.