Oslo, Norway (19 August 2020) - TGS NOPEC Geophysical Company ASA has issued
awards of Performance Share Units (PSUs) and Restricted Share Units (RSUs) to
102 key employees of the Company, as authorized by the shareholders of the
Company at its Annual General Meeting on 12 May 2020.  The PSUs and RSUs are
secured by free-standing warrants that, upon vesting of the PSUs and RSUs in
accordance with their terms, are convertible to shares of the Company's common
stock.  Each PSU represents the right to receive the maximum of one share, while
each RSU represents the right to receive one share.

The PSUs are granted to members of the executive and senior leadership teams and
will vest on 10 August 2023, provided the employee remains employed with TGS on
the vesting date.  Upon vesting, the PSUs will be converted to TGS shares on the
terms approved by the Annual General Meeting, depending on performance versus
target metrics.  The number of shares will be determined by multiplying the
number of PSUs granted by a factor of 0% to 100%.  The factor is determined by
performance against three target metrics: (i) relative return on average capital
employed compared against a defined peer group of companies, (ii) TGS' return on
average capital employed, and (iii) HSE and Sustainability goals.  Each of the
performance metrics is measured for the period 1 January 2020 through 31
December 2022.

The RSUs are granted to certain key employees and will also vest on 10 August
2023, provided the employee remains employed at vesting and has achieved a
satisfactory performance rating against their goals over the three-year plan
period.  Upon vesting, the holder of the RSUs will receive an equivalent number
of TGS shares.

The list of the primary insiders receiving PSUs and RSUs is attached. The
maximum number of new shares to be issued under the awarded PSUs and RSUs is
416,100.

About TGS
TGS provides multi-client geoscience data to oil and gas Exploration and
Production companies worldwide. In addition to extensive global geophysical and
geological data libraries that include multi-client seismic data, magnetic and
gravity data, digital well logs, production data and directional surveys, TGS
also offers advanced processing and imaging services, interpretation products,
and data integration solutions.

Forward Looking Statement
All statements in this press release other than statements of historical fact
are forward-looking statements, which are subject to a number of risks,
uncertainties and assumptions that are difficult to predict, and are based upon
assumptions as to future events that may not prove accurate. These factors
include TGS' reliance on a cyclical industry and principal customers, TGS'
ability to continue to expand markets for licensing of data, and TGS' ability to
acquire and process data product at costs commensurate with profitability, as
well as volatile market conditions, which have been exacerbated by the COVID-19
pandemic and the severe drop in oil prices.  Actual results may differ
materially from those expected or projected in the forward-looking statements.
TGS undertakes no responsibility or obligation to update or alter forward-
looking statements for any reason.

For more information, visit TGS.com (http://www.tgs.com) or contact:

Fredrik Amundsen
Chief Financial Officer
investor@tgs.com (mailto:investor@tgs.com)