Oslo, Norway - 08 April 2024

Hans Olav Torsen (Chairman) and Jørgen Evjen (CEO) have on 05 April 2024
transferred their shares in Akobo Minerals AB (publ) to their wholly owned
companies, Hering AS and Kanoka Invest AS.

-          Hans Olav Torsen transferred 500.000 shares at NOK 1 per share to
Hering AS.

-          Jørgen Evjen transferred 60.000 shares at NOK 1 per share to Kanoka
Invest AS.

Following such transfer, the primary insiders will retain an unchanged ownership
and stake in the Company, thus holding the same number of shares as before.

This information is subject to disclosure requirements set out in the Market
Abuse Regulation EU 596/2014 Article 19 and the Norwegian Securities Trading Act
Section 5-12.

For further information, please contact:

Jørgen Evjen, CEO Akobo Minerals

Mob: +47 92 80 40 14

Mail: jorgen@akobominerals.com

LinkedIn:www.linkedin.com/company/akobominerals

Twitter: @akobominerals

Web:https://akobominerals.com

About Akobo Minerals

Akobo Minerals is a reputable Scandinavian-based gold exploration and boutique
mining company. The company currently holds an extensive exploration license
encompassing 182 square kilometres and a 16 square kilometres mining license,
with an active mining operation in the Gambela region and Dima Woreda, Ethiopia.
Akobo Minerals has emerged as the foremost gold exploration company in Ethiopia,
boasting over 13 years of dedicated on-the-ground experience.

What sets Akobo Minerals apart is its strong commitment to fostering positive
relationships with local communities, extending all the way to national
authorities. This commitment is underscored by the company's unwavering
dedication to environmental and social governance (ESG), as evidenced by their
groundbreaking shared value program.

Akobo Minerals has firmly established its presence in the region by upholding
the principles of ethical conduct, transparency, and open communication. This
foundation positions the company to embrace new opportunities and ventures as
they emerge, making it a key player in the burgeoning Ethiopian mining industry.

Akobo Minerals has charted a clear course for its future growth, with a strategy
centered around amassing a portfolio of valuable gold resources through high
-impact exploration and mining activities, all while maintaining an efficient
and streamlined business operation.

The company is headquartered in Oslo and is publicly listed on the Euronext
Growth Oslo Exchange and the Frankfurt Stock Exchange under the ticker symbol
AKOBO. For US investors,Akobo Minerals
AB (https://www.otcmarkets.com/stock/AKOBF/quote?utm_source=Press+Release&utm_med
ium=Press+Release&utm_campaign=New+OTCQX+Company)(OTCQX: AKOBF) is traded on the
OTCQX Best Market, adhering to high financial standards, best practice corporate
governance, and compliance with U.S. securities laws. Additionally, the company
has a professional third-party sponsor introduction, and investors can access
current financial disclosures and Real-Time Level 2 quotes for the company
onwww.otcmarkets.com.

Akobo Minerals places great emphasis on meeting and exceeding industry
standards, fully complying with all aspects of the JORC code, 2012. For detailed
information on their adherence to this code, pleaserefer
tohttps://www.jorc.org/. Akobo Minerals' unwavering commitment to ethical
practices, community engagement, and environmental responsibility positions them
as a formidable force in the evolving landscape of the Ethiopian mining sector.