ASKER, NORWAY (13 May 2019) - The Annual General Meeting of TGS held on 8 May
2019, approved that each of the Directors, other than the Chairman, should
receive 1650 restricted shares in the Company as part of their compensation. The
shares were transferred to the Directors on 13 May 2019. The attachment shows
the number of restricted shares awarded on 8 May 2019 and the total number of
shares held by each of the Directors. The Company has distributed the restricted
shares to the Directors from its balance of treasury shares. Following the
transfer of restricted shares to the Directors, TGS holds 94,730 of the issued
shares as treasury shares.

Company summary
TGS-NOPEC Geophysical Company (TGS) provides multi-client geoscience data to oil
and gas Exploration and Production companies worldwide.  In addition to
extensive global geophysical and geological data libraries that include multi-
client seismic data, magnetic and gravity data, digital well logs, production
data and directional surveys, TGS also offers advanced processing and imaging
services, interpretation products, and data integration solutions.
For more information visit TGS online at www.tgs.com (http://www.tgs.com).


Forward-looking statements and contact information
All statements in this press release other than statements of historical fact
are forward-looking statements, which are subject to a number of risks,
uncertainties and assumptions that are difficult to predict, and are based upon
assumptions as to future events that may not prove accurate. These factors
include TGS' reliance on a cyclical industry and principle customers, TGS'
ability to continue to expand markets for licensing of data, and TGS' ability to
acquire and process data products at costs commensurate with profitability.
Actual results may differ materially from those expected or projected in the
forward-looking statements. TGS undertakes no responsibility or obligation to
update or alter forward-looking statements for any reason.
TGS-NOPEC Geophysical Company ASA is listed on the Oslo Stock Exchange
(OSLO:TGS).
TGS sponsored American Depositary Shares trade on the U.S. over-the-counter
market under the symbol "TGSGY".

For additional information about this press release please contact:

Sven Børre Larsen
Chief Financial Officer
Tel: +47 90 94 36 73
Email: investor@tgs.com

This information is subject to the disclosure requirements pursuant to Section
5-12 the Norwegian Securities Trading Act