NMG entered in 2013 into a Swedish partnership via the parent company Nickel
Mountain Group AB and via its subsidiary Nickel Mountain Resources AB. As
reported in NMG's interim and annual reports, the partnership demonstrated a
profit for financial year 2013 in the amount of approximately 200 MSEK. NMG
group utilized its accumulated tax deficits existing at that time and set them
off against the profits of the partnership. Before entering into the partnership
and concluding on the tax effects thereof, NMG took legal advice.

The partnership, which was liquidated in 2014, has now received certain requests
for information from the tax authorities relating to the partnership's 2013 tax
return. While no assurances can be made, NMG and its advisors remain of the
opinion that the transaction was fully in line with applicable Swedish
legislation and see low risks that any additional tax cost will result from the
information request from the tax authorities.

This information is subject of the disclosure requirements pursuant to section 5
-12 of the Norwegian Securities Trading Act.

For and on behalf of the Board of Directors of Nickel Mountain Group AB

Torbjörn Ranta

Managing Director

For information, please contact Torbjörn Ranta

Mail: torbjorn.ranta@nickelmountain.se

Tel: + 46 8 402 28 00

Cell Phone: +46 708 855504

Cautionary Statement: Statements and assumptions made in this document with
respect to Nickel Mountain Group AB's ("NMG") current plans, estimates,
strategies and beliefs, and other statements that are not historical facts, are
forward-looking statements about the future performance of NMG. Forward-looking
statements include, but are not limited to, those using words such as "may",
"might", "seeks", "expects", "anticipates", "estimates", "believes", "projects",
"plans", strategy", "forecast" and similar expressions. These statements reflect
management's expectations and assumptions in light of currently available
information. They are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, including,
but not limited to, (i) changes in the economic, regulatory and political
environments in the countries where NMG operates; (ii) changes relating to the
geological information available in respect of the various projects undertaken;
(iii) NMG's continued ability to secure enough financing to carry on its
operations as a going concern; (iv) the success of its potential joint ventures
and alliances, if any; (v) metal prices, particularly as regards nickel. In the
light of the many risks and uncertainties surrounding any mineral project at an
early stage of its development, the actual results could differ materially from
those presented and forecast in this document. NMG assumes no unconditional
obligation to immediately update any such statements and/or forecasts.
Torbjörn Ranta

Managing Director

Tel: 46 8 402 28 00

Mobile: 46 708 855504

E-mail: torbjorn.ranta@nickelmountain.se
The vision of Nickel Mountain Group AB is to be an explorer and miner recognized
for our attractive assets and ability to effectively run projects from
exploration to commercialization, leaving a lasting footprint within the regions
we operate through investments, community engagement and transfer of expertise.

