Oslo, Norway, 15 November 2016.

The Board of Directors of Nordic Nanovector ASA (the "Company") has resolved to
grant 340,000 options to Lisa Rojkjaer, MD to subscribe for shares in the
Company. Dr. Lisa Rojkjaer has been employed as the Company's new CMO.

Each option, when exercised, will give the right to acquire one share in the
Company. The options are granted without consideration. Pursuant to the vesting
schedule, 25% of the options will vest 12 months after the day of grant (as long
as the option holder is still employed). Thereafter, 1/36 of the remaining
options will vest each month as long as the option holder is still employed,
with the first 1/36 vesting 13 months after the day of grant. The exercise price
of the options is NOK 66.74. The exercise price is equal to the volume weighted
average trading price of the shares of the Company on Oslo Børs the last five
trading days prior to the date of the grant. Options that have not been
exercised will lapse 7 years after the date of grant.

Dr. Rojkjaer does currently not hold any shares in the Company.

For further information, please contact:
Tone Kvåle, Chief Financial Officer
Phone: +47 91 51 95 76
E-mail: tkvale@nordicnanovector.com

About Nordic Nanovector:
Nordic Nanovector is a biotech company focusing on the development and
commercialisation of novel targeted therapeutics in haematology and oncology.
The Company's lead clinical-stage product opportunity is Betalutin®, the first
in a new class of Antibody-Radionclide-Conjugates (ARC) designed to improve upon
and complement current options for the treatment of non-Hodgkin Lymphoma (NHL).
NHL is an indication with substantial unmet medical need and orphan drug
opportunities, representing a growing market worth over USD 12 billion by 2018.
Betalutin® comprises a tumour-seeking anti-CD37 antibody (HH1) conjugated to a
low intensity radionclide (lutetium-177). The preliminary data has shown
promising efficacy and safety profile in an ongoing Phase1/2 study in a
difficult-to-treat NHL patient population. The Company is aiming at developing
Betalutin® for the treatment of major types of NHL with first regulator
submission anticipated in 1H 2019. Nordic Nanovector intends to retain marketing
rights and to actively participate in the commercialisation of Betalutin® in
core markets, while exploring potential distribution agreements in selected
geographies. The Company is committed to developing its ARC pipeline to treat
multiple selected cancer indications. Further information about the Company can
be found at www.nordicnanovector.com.
This information is subject to duty of disclosure pursuant to Section 4-2 and 5
-12 of the Norwegian Securities Trading Act.

