Oslo, Norway 9 December 2024, Circio Holding ASA (OSE: CRNA) Reference is made
to the stock exchange announcement on 4 December 2024 regarding commencement of
the exercise period for Warrants from 4-18 December 2024 (the "Exercise
Period").

BioPharma Drug Licensing Group SL ("BioPharma"), a company owned by Lubor Gaal,
the CFO of Circio, has on 6 December 2024 exercised a total of 93,600 Warrants,
for the allocation of 93,600 New Shares in the Company at a price per New Share
of NOK 0.60. This represents all of the Warrants issued to BioPharma in
connection with the Rights Issue completed in July 2024.

A total of 13,864,852 warrants (the "Warrants") were issued and registered with
the Norwegian Register of Business Enterprises on 26 July 2024 in relation to
the rights issue completed in July 2024. Each Warrant gives the holder a right
to subscribe for one new share in the Company at an exercise price per share of
NOK 0.60 during the exercise period (the "New Shares").

Please see further details about the transactions in the attached form.

This information is subject to the disclosure requirements pursuant to article
19 of the EU Market Abuse Regulation and section 5-12 of the Norwegian
Securities Trading Act.

For further information, please contact:
Erik Digman Wiklund, CEO
Phone: +47 413 33 536
Email: erik.wiklund@circio.com

Lubor Gaal, CFO
Phone: +34 683343811
Email: lubor.gaal@circio.com

About Circio

Building next generation RNA technology for nucleic acid medicine

Circio Holding ASA is a biotechnology company developing powerful circular RNA
vector expression technology for next generation nucleic acid medicine.

Circio has established a unique circular RNA (circRNA) vector expression
platform for novel DNA, RNA and viral therapeutics. The proprietary circVec
technology is based on a modular genetic cassette design for efficient
biogenesis of multifunctional circRNA inside cells, which can be deployed in
multiple therapeutic settings, including genetic medicine, cell therapy and
chronic disease. The circVec platform has demonstrated up to 15-fold enhanced
and more significantly more durable protein expression vs. classic mRNA vector
systems and has the potential to become a new gold-standard platform technology
for nucleic acid and viral therapeutics in the future. The circRNA R&D
activities are being conducted by the wholly owned subsidiary Circio AB based at
the Karolinska Institute in Stockholm, Sweden.

In addition, Circio is developing a pan-RAS cancer vaccine, TG01, targeting KRAS
driver mutations. TG01 is currently being tested in two clinical trials: RAS
-mutated pancreatic and lung cancer in the USA and multiple myeloma in Norway.
These studies are being run through academic and industry collaborative
networks, supported by prestigious research grants from Innovation Norway and
the Norwegian Research Council, creating read-outs and future optionality for
the program at low cost to Circio.

