Reference is made to the share program for senior executives in Aker Horizons
ASA (the "Company"), whereby senior executives in the Company subscribed for a
certain number of shares in Aker Horizons Holding AS ("AHH") in 2021 which may
be exchanged for shares in the Company.

The lock-up period for the shares in AHH expired in January 2024 and the share
program will now be settled by sale of the shares in AHH to Aker Horizons ASA at
a price of NOK 2.845 per share. The share price is based on a ten days' volume
weighted average trading price of the Company in accordance with the terms of
the share program. The transactions will be carried out by sale to the Company
of the participants' respective holding companies by which the shares in AHH are
held. The holding companies will be liquidated so that 100% of the shares in AHH
will be held directly by the Company.

As settlement of share program, Kristian Røkke has sold 793,131 shares in AHH,
and Nanna Tollefsen, Executive Director, has sold 158,626 shares in AHH. Two
other former senior executives have also sold their shares in AHH to the Company
as part of settlement of the share program.

Please see attached primary insider notification forms in accordance with MAR
article 19.

ENDS

For further information, please contact:

Stian Andreassen, Investor Relations, Tel: +47 41 64 31 07,
stian.andreassen@akerhorizons.com

Mats Ektvedt, Corporate Communications, Tel: +47 41 42 33 28,
mats.ektvedt@corpcom.no

About Aker Horizons

Aker Horizons develops green energy and green industry to accelerate the
transition to Net Zero. The company is active in renewable energy, carbon
capture and hydrogen and develops industrial-scale decarbonization projects. As
part of the Aker group, Aker Horizons applies industrial, technological and
capital markets expertise with a planet-positive purpose to drive
decarbonization globally. Aker Horizons is listed on the Oslo Stock Exchange and
headquartered in Fornebu, Norway. Across its portfolio, the company is present
on five continents. www.akerhorizons.com

This information is subject to the disclosure requirements pursuant to section 5
-12 of the Norwegian Securities Trading Act.