Mandatory notifications of trade by primary insiders and close associates

Reference is made to the mandatory cash offer by BW Group Limited (the
"Offeror") to acquire all remaining shares in BW Energy Limited ("BW Energy or
the "Company") for a price of NOK 27.00 per share (the "Offer"), announced in
the stock exchange announcement on 13 December 2023 and described in the offer
document dated 13 December 2023 (the "Offer Document").

The Offeror is a close associate to a primary insider in the Company (the
primary insider is the chairman of the board of directors of the Company). The
Offeror is therefore pursuant to the disclosure requirements in article 19 of
the Regulation EU 596/2014 (the EU Market Abuse Regulation) and section 5-12 of
the Norwegian Securities Trading Act required to disclose transactions made in
securities in the Company. This includes disclosing acceptances received in the
Offer on an ongoing basis.

Please see the attached notifications of trading for information on acceptances
received by the Offeror.

Reference is also made to section 6.2.2 in the Offer Document. The Offeror has
been made aware that the four references to the "nine months ended" in section
6.2.2 should be to the "three months ended" as the financial figures included in
sections 6.2.2.1 and 6.2.2.3 of the Offer Document are for the third quarter and
not for the first nine months of the year. More detailed financial information
can be found in the Company's financial statements, published by the Company on
its investor webpage: https://www.bwenergy.no/investors.

For further information, please contact:

Knut R. Sæthre, CFO BW Energy

+47 91 11 78 76

ir@bwenergy.no

About BW Energy:

BW Energy is a growth E&P company with a differentiated strategy targeting
proven offshore oil and gas reservoirs through low risk phased developments. The
Company has access to existing production facilities to reduce time to first oil
and cashflow with lower investments than traditional offshore developments. The
Company's assets are 73.5% of the producing Dussafu Marine licence offshore
Gabon, 100% interest in the Golfinho and Camarupim fields, a 76.5% interest in
the BM-ES-23 block in, a 95% interest in the Maromba field in Brazil and a
95%interest in the Kudu field in Namibia, all operated by BW Energy. Total net
2P+2C reserves and resources were 546 million barrels of oil equivalents at the
start of 2023, when including the Golfinho Clusters.

This information is subject to the disclosure requirements pursuant to section
5-12 of the Norwegian Securities Trading Act.