poLight ASA (the "Company") has a general share option scheme, whereby share
options in the Company are granted to all employees.

The Company has further an agreement with Pareto Securities AS (the "Manager")
to facilitate the sale of the shares to be issued pursuant to the options prior
to issue of the shares pursuant to exercised options. This solution is
facilitated by a share lending agreement entered into with the Manager and
Investinor Direkte AS, a close associate of Ann-Tove Kongsnes, Deputy chair of
the Board of Directors (the "Share Lender").

2 employees have notified the Company that it wishes to exercise its share
options and sell the underlying shares, in the total amount of 48 330 shares,
and the Manager has consequently entered into a share lending agreement with the
Share Lender in the amount of 48 330 shares. Upon completion of these
transactions, the Company's Board of Directors is expected to resolve to
increase the share capital to issue new shares corresponding to the actual
number of shares sold by the option holders. The new shares will be issued to
the Manager, who will use such shares to settle the share loan agreement with
the Share Lender.

Further information about the transaction is set out in the attached form.

Further information from:

Dr. Øyvind Isaksen, CEO, poLight ASA: +47 90 87 63 98

About poLight ASA

poLight ASA (OSE: PLT) offers a patented, proprietary tunable optics technology,
starting with its first product, TLens® which replicates "the human eye"
experience in autofocus cameras used in devices such as smartphones, wearables,
barcode scanners, machine vision systems and various medical equipment.
poLight's TLens® enables better system performance and new user experiences due
to benefits such as extremely fast focus, small footprint, no magnetic
interference, low power consumption and constant field of view. poLight is based
in Horten, Norway, with employees in Finland, France, UK, US, China, Taiwan, and
the Philippines. For more information, please visit https://www.polight.com

This information is subject to the disclosure requirements in the EU Market
Abuse Regulation and section 5-12 of the Norwegian Securities Trading Act.