PRESS RELEASE DATED 2016-02-17

NOT FOR RELEASE, PUBLICATION OR DISTRIBUTION, IN WHOLE OR IN PART DIRECTLY OR
INDIRECTLY, IN AUSTRALIA, CANADA, JAPAN OR THE
UNITED STATES
Reference is made to the stock exchange release from Axactor AB ("Axactor" or
the "Company") published yesterday regarding the contemplated private placement
of new shares in the Company.

The Company announces today that it has raised NOK 106.1 million in gross
proceeds through a private placement consisting of 59,600,000 new shares (the
"New Shares") at a price of NOK 1.78 per share (the "Private Placement"). The
Private Placement took place through an accelerated bookbuilding process after
close of markets yesterday. The Private Placement, which was substantially
oversubscribed, attracted strong interest from both existing shareholders as
well as new high quality institutional investors.

The net proceeds from the Private Placement will be used for acquisitions of non
-performing loan portfolios and platforms as well as for general corporate
purposes.

The New Shares will be settled through a delivery versus payment transaction on
19 February 2016, by delivery of existing and unencumbered shares in the Company
that are already listed on the Oslo Stock Exchange pursuant to a share lending
agreement between the Company, the Managers (as defined below) and certain
existing shareholders. The shares delivered to the subscribers are thus tradable
from allocation. Notification of allotment will be sent to the applicants today.

The New Shares will be issued based on a Board authorisation granted by the
Company's extraordinary general meeting on 23 December 2015. Following
registration of the new share capital pertaining to the Private Placement, the
Company will have an issued share capital of SEK 328,107,180, divided into
656,214,360 shares, each with a par value of SEK 0.50.

Carnegie and DNB Markets (the "Managers") acted as joint bookrunners in the
Private Placement.

For further information, please contact:

Endre Rangnes

Chief Executive Officer

Mail: endre.rangnes@axactor.com

Tel: + 46 8 402 28 00

Cell Phone: +47 48 22 11 11

Geir Johansen

Chief Financial Officer

Mail: geir.johansen@axactor.com

Cell Phone: +47 477 10 451

Important information:

The release is not for publication or distribution, in whole or in part directly
or indirectly, in or into Australia, Canada, Japan or the United States
(including its territories and possessions, any state of the United States and
the District of Columbia).

This release is an announcement issued pursuant to legal information
obligations, and is subject of the disclosure requirements pursuant to section 5
-12 of the Norwegian Securities Trading Act. It is issued for information
purposes only, and does not constitute or form part of any offer or solicitation
to purchase or subscribe for securities, in the United States or in any other
jurisdiction. The securities mentioned herein have not been, and will not be,
registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the
"Securities Act"). The securities may not be offered or sold in the United
States except pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of the
Securities Act. The Company does not intend to register any portion of the
offering of the securities in the United States or to conduct a public offering
of the securities in the United States. Copies of this announcement are not
being made and may not be distributed or sent into Australia, Canada, Japan or
the United States. The issue, exercise, purchase or sale of subscription rights
and the subscription or purchase of shares in the Company are subject to
specific legal or regulatory restrictions in certain jurisdictions. Neither the
Company nor the Managers assumes any responsibility in the event there is a
violation by any person of such restrictions.

The distribution of this release may in certain jurisdictions be restricted by
law. Persons into whose possession this release comes should inform themselves
about and observe any such restrictions. Any failure to comply with these
restrictions may constitute a violation of the securities laws of any such
jurisdiction. The Managers are acting for the Company and no one else in
connection with the Private Placement and will not be responsible to anyone
other than the Company for providing the protections afforded to their
respective clients or for providing advice in relation to the Private Placement
and/or any other matter referred to in this release.

Forward-looking statements:

This release and any materials distributed in connection with this release may
contain certain forward-looking statements. By their nature, forward-looking
statements involve risk and uncertainty because they reflect the Company's
current expectations and assumptions as to future events and circumstances that
may not prove accurate. A number of material factors could cause actual results
and developments to differ materially from those expressed or implied by these
forward-looking statements.

