Reference is made to the stock exchange announcements by Salmon Evolution ASA
("Salmon Evolution" or the "Company") published on 5 April 2022 regarding the
successfully placed private placement of 33,333,333 new ordinary shares in the
Company, raising gross proceeds of approximately NOK 300 million (the "Private
Placement").  The Private Placement was settled on a DVP basis on 8 April 2022,
facilitated by a share loan granted by persons closely related to certain
primary insiders in the Company, including Ronja Capital II AS.

The Private Placement consisted of one tranche of 22,574,374 shares ("Tranche
1") and a second tranche of 10,758,959 shares ("Tranche 2").

The shares allocated in Tranche 2 have now been re-delivered to the sole share
lender in Tranche 2, Ronja Capital II AS.

Primary insider notification under the Market Abuse Regulation article 19 is
attached.

For more information, please contact:

Trond Håkon Schaug-Pettersen, CFO (+47 911 91 327)

About Salmon Evolution

Salmon Evolution is a Norwegian land-based salmon farming company focused on
extending the ocean's potential by transferring the best preconditions offered
by the sea to farm fish on land through its chosen hybrid flow-through system
technology (HFS). This secures a truly sustainable production process with
controlled and optimal growth conditions and limiting operational and biological
risk.

The Company's first production facility is under construction at Indre Harøy,
strategically located on the Norwegian west coast with unlimited access to fresh
seawater, renewable energy, established infrastructure for salmon farming, and
an educated and experienced work force. The entire project is designed for an
annual capacity of approx. 31,500 tonnes HOG.

The Company has also entered into a joint venture with Dongwon Industries where
the parties will develop, construct and operate a land-based salmon farming
facility in South Korea with an annual production capacity of 16,800 tonnes HOG,
using Salmon Evolution's chosen HFS technology.

Salmon Evolution ASA is listed on Oslo Børs under the ticker SALME.

To learn more, please visit www.salmonevolution.no

This information is subject to the disclosure requirements pursuant to
Regulation EU 596/2014 (MAR) article 19 number 3 and the Norwegian Securities
Trading Act section 5-12.