Bergen, Norway, 28 August 2019. The Board of Directors of BerGenBio ASA (the
"Company") (OSE: BGBIO) have, to fulfil the Company's obligations under the
share option agreements and in accordance with the authorisation granted by the
general meeting on 13 March 2019, resolved to increase the Company's share
capital by NOK 54,000 by issuance of 540,000 new shares. The new shares are
subscribed for by option owners that wish, and are entitled, to exercise options
in accordance with the Company's option scheme. The subscription price is in
accordance with the prevailing options price pursuant to the Company´s option
scheme, an average NOK 8.39 per share. Options which have been exercised have
been granted between 2010 and 2012 and all options will expire in 2019 if not
exercised.
Out of the total number of exercised share options, 225,000 share options at an
average strike price at NOK 8.15 were exercised by primary insider Richard
Godfrey (CEO). Richard Godfrey has transferred his rights to receive shares
resulting from the exercise of options to a third party to cover all cost
related to the exercise and will keep the remaining shares from the exercise.
The sales amount will be finally determined on the basis of the price
subsequently obtained by the third party when selling the shares in the market.
Final compensation for the transferred rights and number of shares received from
the transaction will be reported when known. After exercising options, Richard
Godfrey holds 1,129,284 unexercised options in the Company. As of today, Richard
Godfrey holds 167,815 shares in the Company through Gnist Holding AS.

Out of the total number of exercised share options, 150,000 share options at an
average strike price at NOK 8.45 were exercised by primary insider James Lorens,
CSO. James Lorens has transferred his rights to receive shares resulting from
the exercise of options to a third party to cover all cost related to the
exercise and will keep the remaining shares from the exercise. The sales amount
will be finally determined on the basis of the price subsequently obtained by
the third party when selling the shares in the market. Final compensation for
the transferred rights and number of shares received from the transaction will
be reported when known. After exercising options, James Lorens holds 588,507
unexercised options in the Company. As of today, James Lorens holds 250,000
shares in the Company.

Out of the total number of exercised share options, 15,000 share options at an
average strike price at NOK 10.62 were exercised by primary insider Endre
Kjærland, Associate Director of IP and Contracts. Endre Kjærland has transferred
his rights to receive shares resulting from the exercise of options to a third
party to cover all cost related to the exercise and will keep the remaining
shares from the exercise. The sales amount will be finally determined on the
basis of the price subsequently obtained by the third party when selling the
shares in the market. Final compensation for the transferred rights and number
of shares received from the transaction will be reported when known. After
exercising options, Endre Kjærland holds 88,525 unexercised options in the
Company. As of today, Endre Kjærland holds 1,508 shares in the Company.

The capital increase is expected to be registered within 7 days, and following
the issuance of the new shares, the issued share capital of BerGenBio ASA will
be NOK 6,107,659 consisting of 61,076,590 shares, each with a par value of NOK
0.10.

-End-

Contacts

Richard Godfrey
CEO, BerGenBio ASA
+47 917 86 304

Rune Skeie
CFO, BerGenBio ASA
rune.skeie@bergenbio.com
+47 917 86 513

Forward looking statements

This announcement may contain forward-looking statements, which as such are not
historical facts, but are based upon various assumptions, many of which are
based, in turn, upon further assumptions. These assumptions are inherently
subject to significant known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other
important factors. Such risks, uncertainties, contingencies and other important
factors could cause actual events to differ materially from the
expectations expressed or implied in this announcement by such forward-looking
statements.

This information is subject to the disclosure requirements pursuant to section 5
-12 of the Norwegian Securities Trading Act.