Vartdal Holding AS, a legal person closely associated with a person discharging
managerial responsibilities in Arctic Bioscience, has today bought 12,531 shares
in Arctic Bioscience at an average price of NOK 16 per share. Following the
transaction, Vartdal Holding AS holds 1,040,286 shares in Arctic Bioscience.

Vartdal Holding AS is owned 33,33 % by Future Invest AS, which again is owned
100 % by Jan Endre Vartdal, member of the Board of Directors in Arctic
Bioscience.

In total, all legal persons closely associated with Jan Endre Vartdal, holds
1,843,887 shares in Arctic Bioscience after today's transaction.

Please refer to the attached notification of trading for further details.

This information is subject to the disclosure requirements pursuant to
Regulation EU 596/2014 (MAR) article 19 number 3 and the Norwegian Securities
Trading Act § 5-12.

For more information, please contact

Jone R. Slinning

CFO Arctic Bioscience

Phone: +47 948 75 469

E-mail: jone@arctic-bioscience.com

About Arctic Bioscience

Arctic Bioscience is a biotech company developing and commercializing
nutraceutical and pharmaceutical products based on unique bioactive marine
compounds from herring roe.

The company is developing HRO350 - a novel investigational drug candidate based
on herring roe. HRO350 is being developed for treatment of patients with mild-to
-moderate psoriasis. This is a large patient group in need of new effective
medicines with beneficial safety profile.

Herring roe contains lipids that are essential in maintaining cell membranes and
omega -3 fatty acids that contribute to the normal functioning of brain, heart,
and vision. Nutraceuticals from Arctic Bioscience are sold globally as bulk
ingredients as well as finished goods under the ROMEGA® brand. The strategy is
to switch sales from bulk to finished goods and focus markets are USA and China.

Arctic Bioscience is led by a team of highly competent people with experience in
developing marine oils and experience from global pharmaceutical companies.