Kats, Netherlands – November 13, 2024 – The Kingfish Company NV (the “Company”) announces the following transaction involving primary insider Hans den Bieman and his wholly-owned company HDB Beheer BV (“HDB”): the transfer of all shares held by Mr. Den Bieman and HDB in the Company (2,171,331 shares) to Mr. Den Bieman’s wholly-owned BM Invest BV. The date of the transaction was November 12, 2024.

Please see the enclosed forms for further details about the transactions. 

This announcement is published pursuant to article 19 of the EU Market Abuse Regulation and section 5-12 of the Norwegian Securities Trading Act.


About The Kingfish Company
The Kingfish Company is a pioneer and leader in sustainable land-based aquaculture. Current annual production capacity at its Kingfish Zeeland facility in the Netherlands is 4,000 tons of high quality and high-value yellowtail kingfish. Next expansion opportunities are in the Netherlands and the US. Kingfish Maine is fully permitted by local, state, and federal regulatory agencies to build an 8,500 tons production facility. 
Production is based on advanced recirculating aquaculture systems (RAS), which protect biodiversity and ensure biosecurity. Animal welfare is paramount, and the fish is grown without use of antibiotics and vaccines. Operations run on 100 percent renewable electricity, sourced from wind, solar and biogas. The Company's facilities operate on sea water, avoiding wasting precious fresh water.
The Kingfish Company's main product, the Yellowtail Kingfish (also known as ricciola/hiramasa/greater amberjack) is a highly versatile premium fish species, well known in the Italian and Asian fusion cuisines. Its products are certified and approved as sustainable and environmentally friendly by Aquaculture Stewardship Council (ASC), Best Aquaculture Practices (BAP), GLOBAL G.A.P. and Friend of the Sea. It was the winner of the 2019 Seafood Excellence Award, and it is recommended as green choice by Good Fish Foundation. Yellowtail amberjack farmed in recirculating aquaculture systems is rated a Green Best Choice by Seafood Watch.
