




Norsk Hydro employees have purchased shares under a general arrangement offered
to employees employed by Norsk Hydro in Norway each year.

All employees employed by Norsk Hydro in Norway have been offered to purchase
shares valued at NOK 25 000 with a 50 percent discount. 92 percent of the
employees entitled to the offer have subscribed, and have each been allocated
511 shares at NOK 24.41 per share. The total number of shares allocated and
transferred on May 2, 2017 is 1 729 735.

Norsk Hydro ASA holds 24 300 928 own shares after this transaction and the
number of outstanding shares are 2 044 697 348.

With reference to the stock exchange announcement as of April 3, 2017, the
following primary insiders have under the above-mentioned scheme each purchased
511 shares:

- President and CEO Svein Richard Brandtzæg, new holding is 231,475.
- Executive Vice President and CFO Eivind Kallevik, new holding is 50,535
- Executive Vice President Arvid Moss, new holding is 147,203
- Executive Vice President Hilde Merete Aasheim, new holding is 82,287
- Executive Vice President Anne-Lene Midseim, new holding is 21,221
- Executive Vice President Inger Sethov, new holding is 19,184
- Executive Vice President Hanne Simensen, new holding is 19,646
- Executive Vice President Kjetil Ebbesberg, new holding is 47,857
- Employee representative to the Board of Directors Billy Fredagsvik, new
holding is 4,587
- Employee representative to the Board of Directors Ove Ellefsen, new holding is
8,972
- Employee representative to the Board of Directors Sten Roar Martinsen, new
holding is 5,643
- Company Secretary Hans Eide Aarre, new holding is 2,061



Investor contact
Contact Even Simonsen
Cellular +47 97953364
E-mail Even.Simonsen@hydro.com

Press contact
Contact Halvor Molland
Cellular +47 92979797
E-mail Halvor.Molland@hydro.com

Cautionary note
Certain statements included in this announcement contain forward-looking
information, including, without limitation, information relating to (a)
forecasts, projections and estimates, (b) statements of Hydro management
concerning plans, objectives and strategies, such as planned expansions,
investments, divestments, curtailments or other projects, (c) targeted
production volumes and costs, capacities or rates, start-up costs, cost
reductions and profit objectives, (d) various expectations about future
developments in Hydro's markets, particularly prices, supply and demand and
competition, (e) results of operations, (f) margins, (g) growth rates, (h) risk
management, and (i) qualified statements such as "expected", "scheduled",
"targeted", "planned", "proposed", "intended" or similar.

Although we believe that the expectations reflected in such forward-looking
statements are reasonable, these forward-looking statements are based on a
number of assumptions and forecasts that, by their nature, involve risk and
uncertainty. Various factors could cause our actual results to differ materially
from those projected in a forward-looking statement or affect the extent to
which a particular projection is realized. Factors that could cause these
differences include, but are not limited to: our continued ability to reposition
and restructure our upstream and downstream businesses; changes in availability
and cost of energy and raw materials; global supply and demand for aluminium and
aluminium products; world economic growth, including rates of inflation and
industrial production; changes in the relative value of currencies and the value
of commodity contracts; trends in Hydro's key markets and competition; and
legislative, regulatory and political factors.

No assurance can be given that such expectations will prove to have been
correct.  Hydro disclaims any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking
statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.


This information is subject of the disclosure requirements pursuant to section
5-12 of the Norwegian Securities Trading Act.


 
    