Oslo, Norway (29 February 2024) - In February 2019, TGS implemented an Employee
Share Purchase Plan (ESPP) pursuant to which eligible employees can purchase TGS
common shares at a discount through payroll deductions.  The ESPP operates in
six-month periods, and at the end of each period, employees in eligible
jurisdictions (United States, United Kingdom and Canada) have the option to
purchase stock at a 15% discount to the market price at the time of purchase.
The plan sets a maximum purchase of shares per employee per six-month period and
ESPP dividends are reinvested in shares.

The following primary insiders received shares from the ESPP purchase on
February 26, 2024, as participants in the ESPP.  The schedule attached reflects
the holdings of the primary insiders following the ESPP purchase.

---- Kristian Johansen - 100 shares

---- Tana Pool - 100 shares

---- Josef Heim - 100 shares

---- Whitney Eaton - 100 shares

---- Duncan Bate - 100 shares

---- Linda Santiago - 121 shares

About TGS
TGS provides scientific data and intelligence to companies active in the energy
sector. In addition to a global, extensive and diverse energy data library, TGS
offers specialized services such as advanced processing and analytics alongside
cloud-based data applications and solutions.

Forward Looking Statement
All statements in this press release other than statements of historical fact
are forward-looking statements, which are subject to a number of risks,
uncertainties and assumptions that are difficult to predict and are based upon
assumptions as to future events that may not prove accurate. These factors
include volatile market conditions, investment opportunities in new and existing
markets, demand for licensing of data within the energy industry, operational
challenges, and reliance on a cyclical industry and principal customers. Actual
results may differ materially from those expected or projected in the forward-
looking statements. TGS undertakes no responsibility or obligation to update or
alter forward-looking statements for any reason.

For more information, visit TGS.com (http://www.tgs.com) or contact:

Sven Børre Larsen
Chief Financial Officer
investor@tgs.com (mailto:investor@tgs.com)