Reference is made to the announcement by Ensurge Micropower ASA (the "Company")
on 29 August 2025, whereby the Board of Directors resolved to grant a total of
30,687,311 incentive subscription rights to Shauna McIntyre, CEO of the Company.
The grant was made under the Company's 2025 Incentive Subscription Rights Plan.
Please see the referenced announcement for terms relating to the granted
subscription rights.

Subscription has taken place today, on 3 September 2025. Please see the enclosed
form for further details about the transaction.

About Ensurge Micropower:

Ensurge  is energizing innovation with  the first ultrathin, flexible, reliable,
and fundamentally safe solid-state lithium microbattery.

With  a workforce of forty top-tier  specialists based in the world's technology
capital,  Silicon Valley, Ensurge has developed a future-oriented and innovative
microbattery  technology. The microbattery is  ideal for form-factor-constrained
applications,  including  hearables,  digital  and  health wearables, sports and
fitness  devices, and IoT  sensor solutions that  use energy harvesting to power
everyday things.

The  Company's state-of-the-art manufacturing facility combines patented process
technology  and materials innovation, with  the scale of roll-to-roll production
methods,  to  bring  the  advantages  of  Ensurge  technology to established and
expanding markets.

Ensurge's  production facilities  are optimized  for prototyping and small-scale
manufacturing.  To scale efficiently, we aim  to outsource the production of the
resulting  intellectual property  (IP) to  specialized partners  with industrial
manufacturing expertise.

Ensurge  is listed on the Norwegian stock exchange and is financed out of Norway
by  strong  and  reputable  financial  investors,  reflecting  both  a strategic
investment and a robust transatlantic collaboration.

This  information is subject to the  disclosure requirements pursuant to section
5-12 of the Norwegian Securities Trading Act.
