Press release dated 2015-12-11
Reference is made to the stock exchange announcement dated 17 November, 2015 and
the prospectus dated 26 November, 2015 (the "Prospectus") concerning the
subsequent repair offering of up to 60,000,000 shares in Nickel Mountain Group
AB (publ.) ("Nickel Mountain Group" or the "Company", ticker "NMG") at a
subscription price of NOK 1.00.

The subscription period for the subsequent repair offering will end today, 11
December, 2015 at 16:30 CET.

Subscription rights not used to subscribe for shares prior to 16:30 CET on
December 11, 2015 will expire and have no value.

The Offering is managed by DNB Markets (the "Manager").

The Prospectus and Subscription Form may be obtained at the Company's web-site
www.nickelmountain.se, or the Manager's offices or web site;
www.dnb.no/emisjoner.

For and on behalf of the Board of Directors of Nickel Mountain Group AB

Torbjorn Ranta

For information, please contact Torbjorn Ranta

Mail: torbjorn.ranta@nickelmountain.se

Tel: + 46 8 402 28 00

Cell Phone: +46 708 855504

www.nickelmountain.se

Cautionary Statement: Statements and assumptions made in this document with
respect to Nickel Mountain Group AB's ("NMG") current plans, estimates,
strategies and beliefs, and other statements that are not historical facts, are
forward-looking statements about the future performance of NMG. Forward-looking
statements include, but are not limited to, those using words such as "may",
"might", "seeks", "expects", "anticipates", "estimates", "believes", "projects",
"plans", strategy", "forecast" and similar expressions. These statements reflect
management's expectations and assumptions in light of currently available
information. They are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, including,
but not limited to, (i) changes in the economic, regulatory and political
environments in the countries where NMG operates; (ii) changes relating to the
geological information available in respect of the various projects undertaken;
(iii) NMG's continued ability to secure enough financing to carry on its
operations as a going concern; (iv) the success of its potential joint ventures
and alliances, if any; (v) metal prices, particularly as regards nickel. In the
light of the many risks and uncertainties surrounding any mineral project at an
early stage of its development, the actual results could differ materially from
those presented and forecast in this document. NMG assumes no unconditional
obligation to immediately update any such statements and/or forecasts.

