Yara has today transferred to Fernanda Lopes Larsen, Yara EVP, Africa & Asia,
member of Yara's Group Executive Board, a total of 2,129 Yara shares (ticker:
YAR, ISIN: NO0010208051) at an average price of NOK 305.30 per share.

Following this purchase, Fernanda Lopes Larsen owns a total of 13,915 shares in
Yara international ASA.

In order to support alignment between members of the Group Executive Board and
shareholder interests, it is expected that members of the Group Executive Board
participating in Yara's Share Based Remuneration program (SBR), in addition to
the shares received as part of the SBR, invest in Yara shares an amount
equalling the lowest amount received as net, after tax short-term incentive plan
payout for the preceding year or the net amount received as SBR for the relevant
year, and do so yearly as a minimum. Such investments should be made until the
shareholding amounts to the member's gross remuneration package, including
pensions. Furthermore, it is also expected that members of the Group Executive
Board do not sell any Yara shares as long as they are members of the Group
Executive Board.

Guidelines on salary and other remuneration for executive personnel are further
described in the Yara Integrated Report 2023 on pages 67-71.

Details of the transaction can be found in the attachment.

Contact
Maria Gabrielsen
Head of Investor Relations
M: +47 920 900 93
E: maria.gabrielsen@yara.com (mailto:maria.gabrielsen@yara.com)

About Yara
Yara's mission is to responsibly feed the world and protect the planet. We
pursue a strategy of sustainable value growth through reducing emissions from
crop nutrition production and developing low-emission energy solutions. Yara's
ambition is focused on growing a nature-positive food future that creates value
for our customers, shareholders and society at large and delivers a more
sustainable food value chain.

To drive the green shift in fertilizer production, shipping, and other energy
intensive industries, Yara will produce ammonia with significantly lower
emissions. We provide digital tools for precision farming and work closely with
partners at all levels of the food value chain to share knowledge and promote
more efficient and sustainable solutions.

Founded in 1905 to solve the emerging famine in Europe, Yara has established a
unique position as the industry's only global crop nutrition company. With
18,000 employees and operations in more than 60 countries, sustainability is an
integral part of our business model. In 2023, Yara reported revenues of USD
15.5 billion.

www.yara.com (https://www.yara.com)

This information is subject to the disclosure requirements pursuant to Section
5-12 the Norwegian Securities Trading Act
