NOT FOR DISTRIBUTION OR RELEASE, DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY, TO U.S. NEWS WIRE SERVICES OR FOR DISSEMINATION IN OR INTO THE UNITED STATES, AUSTRALIA, CANADA OR JAPAN, OR ANY OTHER JURISDICTION IN WHICH THE DISTRIBUTION OR RELEASE WOULD BE UNLAWFUL.

Komplett Bank ASA - Primary Insider transactions in the IPO

Oslo, 9 November 2017: Reference is made to the announcement of the successful completion of the bookbuilding of Komplett Bank ASA's ("Komplett Bank" or the "Bank") initial public offering (the "IPO" or the "Offering") published today. 
The following parties subject to primary insider disclosure obligations have been allocated or sold shares in the IPO, at a price per share of NOK 18.50 (the "Offer Price") and otherwise in accordance with the terms set out in the prospectus dated 30 October 2017:

Komplett AS, which is represented in the board of directors by the Chairman of the board Live Haukvik, has been allocated 4,579,694 shares in the Bank at the Offer Price. After completion of the Offering, Komplett AS will own 34,157,285 shares in total and accordingly maintain its relative ownership position in the Bank of approximately 19.94% of the shares. 

Raimond Pettersen (Chief Executive Officer), through his closely related party AlfaB Holding AS, will sell 1,200,000 shares in the Offering at the Offer Price. After completion of the Offering Raimond Pettersen will, through his closely related party AlfaB Holding AS, own 6,786,183 shares (corresponding to 3.96% of the shares in the Bank) as well as 4,185,000 warrants and 808,082 options in the Bank.

Kristian Sjuve (Chief Financial Officer), through his closely related party Svejk Invest AS, will sell 1,000,000 shares in the Offering at the Offer Price. After completion of the Offering Kristian Sjuve will, through his closely related party Svejk Invest AS, own 2,042,345 shares (corresponding to 1.19% of the shares in the Bank) as well as 1,125,000 warrants and 444,274 options in the Bank.

Wilhelm Thomassen (Director Risk Control, Compliance and Vendor Management), through his closely related party Dingja Invest AS, will sell 1,000,000 shares in the Offering at the Offer Price. After completion of the Offering Wilhelm Thomassen will, through his closely related party Dingja Invest AS, own 3,369,961 shares (corresponding to 1.97% of the shares in the Bank) as well as 90,000 warrants and 156,043 options in the Bank. 

Tommy Österlund (Chief Credit Risk Officer), through his closely related party Khaya AS, will sell 350,000 shares in the Offering at the Offer Price. After completion of the Offering Tommy Österlund will, through his closely related party Khaya AS, own 1,561,403 shares (corresponding to 0.91% of the shares in the Bank) as well as 810,000 warrants and 613,413 options in the Bank. 

Niels Harald Ursin-Holm (Chief Operations Officer), through his closely related party Ursulf AS, will sell 500,000 shares in the Offering at the Offer Price. After completion of the Offering Niels Harald Ursin-Holm will, through his closely related party Ursulf AS, own 1,045,000 shares (corresponding to 0.61% of the shares in the Bank) as well as 787,500 warrants and 447,145 options in the Bank. 

Steffen Ryengen (Chief Marketing and Information Officer), through his closely related party Contribute AS, will sell 400,000 shares in the Offering at the Offer Price. After completion of the Offering Steffen Ryengen will, through his closely related party Contribute AS, own 911,250 shares (corresponding to 0.53% of the shares in the Bank) as well as 780,000 warrants and 525,186 options in the Bank. 

Jan Haglund (Chief Strategy Officer) will sell 300,000 shares in the Offering at the Offer Price. After completion of the Offering Jan Haglund will own 469,215 shares (corresponding to 0.27% of the shares in the Bank) as well as 602,332 options in the Bank.

All ownership levels disclosed above as a percentage of the Bank's shares are based on the total number of outstanding shares after issuance of the new shares allocated in the IPO and prior to any exercise of the greenshoe option issued by the Bank.

All members of the Bank's management have agreed on a twelve month lock-up period. These lock-up agreements are subject to certain exceptions and may only be waived with the consent of the Managers.
ABG Sundal Collier ASA, Pareto Securities AS and Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (publ), Oslo branch are acting as Joint Global Coordinators and Joint Bookrunners in the IPO (combined the "Managers").

For further queries, please contact:

Raimond Pettersen, CEO
+47 990 04 250
raimond.pettersen@komplettbank.no

Kristian Sjuve, CFO
+47 95 14 11 16
kristian.sjuve@komplettbank.no

About Komplett Bank ASA
Komplett Bank is a focused Nordic digital niche bank offering personal loans, credit cards, deposit accounts and online point-of-sales finance products to consumers. The target group is creditworthy customers with stable personal finances and no payment remarks. Credit risk is managed largely by automated processes for credit assessment and underwriting. The bank has a diversified and balanced distribution model utilizing both public and proprietary channels. Operational efficiency and low cost is a foundation for Komplett Bank and is enabled by centralized operations, modern systems and digital set-up.

Important Notice
The information contained in this announcement is for background purposes only and does not purport to be full or complete. No reliance may be placed for any purpose on the information contained in this announcement or its accuracy, fairness or completeness. None of the Managers or any of their respective affiliates or any of their respective directors, officers, employees, advisors or agents accepts any responsibility or liability whatsoever for, or makes any representation or warranty, express or implied, as to the truth, accuracy or completeness of the information in this announcement (or whether any information has been omitted from the announcement) or any other information relating to the Bank, its subsidiaries or associated companies, whether written, oral or in a visual or electronic form, and howsoever transmitted or made available, or for any loss howsoever arising from any use of this announcement or its contents or otherwise arising in connection therewith.
Neither this announcement nor the information contained herein is for publication, distribution or release, in whole or in part, directly or indirectly, in or into or from the United States (including its territories and possessions, any State of the United States and the District of Columbia), Australia, Canada, Japan or any other jurisdiction where to do so would constitute a violation of the relevant laws of such jurisdiction. The publication, distribution or release of this announcement may be restricted by law in certain jurisdictions and persons into whose possession any document or other information referred to herein comes should inform themselves about and observe any such restriction. Any failure to comply with these restrictions may constitute a violation of the securities laws of any such jurisdiction.
This announcement does not contain or constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy or subscribe for any securities referred to in this announcement to any person in any jurisdiction, including the United States, Australia, Canada or Japan or any jurisdiction to whom or in which such offer or solicitation is unlawful. The securities referred to in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "U.S. Securities Act"), and may not be offered or sold in the United States absent registration or an exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the registration requirements of the U.S. Securities Act and in accordance with applicable U.S. state securities laws. The Bank does not intend to register any securities referred to herein in the United States or to conduct a public offering of securities in the United States.
This announcement is not a prospectus for the purposes of Directive 2003/71/EC (together with any applicable implementing measures in any Member State, the "Prospectus Directive"). 
In any EEA Member State other than Norway that has implemented the Prospectus Directive, this communication is only addressed to and is only directed at qualified investors in that Member State within the meaning of the Prospectus Directive, i.e., only to investors to whom an offer of securities may be made without a requirement for the Bank to publish a prospectus pursuant to article 3 of the Prospectus Directive in such EEA Member State. 
This communication is only being distributed to and is only directed at persons in the United Kingdom that are (i) investment professionals falling within Article 19(5) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion) Order 2005, as amended (the "Order") or (ii) high net worth entities, and other persons to whom this announcement may lawfully be communicated, falling within Article 49(2)(a) to (d) of the Order (all such persons together being referred to as "relevant persons"). This communication must not be acted on or relied on by persons who are not relevant persons. Any investment or investment activity to which this communication relates is available only to relevant persons and will be engaged in only with relevant persons. Persons distributing this communication must satisfy themselves that it is lawful to do so.
The Managers and their affiliates are acting exclusively for the Bank in connection with the IPO. They will not regard any other person as their respective clients in relation to the IPO and will not be responsible to anyone other than the Bank for providing the protections afforded to their respective clients, nor for providing advice in relation to the IPO, the contents of this announcement or any transaction, arrangement or other matter referred to herein.
In connection with the IPO, the Managers and any of their affiliates, acting as investors for their own accounts, may subscribe for or purchase shares and in that capacity may retain, purchase, sell, offer to sell or otherwise deal for their own accounts in such shares and other securities of the Bank or related investments in connection with the IPO or otherwise. Accordingly, references in any prospectus to the shares being issued, offered, subscribed, acquired, placed or otherwise dealt in should be read as including any issue or offer to, or subscription, acquisition, placing or dealing by, such Managers and any of their affiliates acting as investors for their own accounts. The Managers do not intend to disclose the extent of any such investment or transactions otherwise than in accordance with any legal or regulatory obligations to do so.
Matters discussed in this announcement may constitute forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements are statements that are not historical facts and may be identified by words such as "believe", "aims", "expect", "anticipate", "intends", "estimate", "will", "may", "continue", "should" and similar expressions. The forward-looking statements in this release are based upon various assumptions, many of which are based, in turn, upon further assumptions. Although the Bank believes that these assumptions were reasonable when made, these assumptions are inherently subject to significant known and unknown risks, uncertainties, contingencies and other important factors which are difficult or impossible to predict and are beyond its control. Such risks, uncertainties, contingencies and other important factors could cause actual events to differ materially from the expectations expressed or implied in this release by such forward-looking statements. The information, opinions and forward-looking statements contained in this announcement speak only as at its date, and are subject to change without notice.
The Offering may be influenced by a range of circumstances, such as market conditions, and there is no guarantee that the Offering will proceed and that the listing will occur.
Certain figures contained in this document have been subject to rounding adjustments. Accordingly, in certain instances, the sum or percentage change of the numbers contained in this document may not conform exactly with the total figure given.

