Oslo, 12 December 2024

Observe Medical ASA ("Observe Medical" or the "Company", OSE ticker: OBSVR) has
today granted 500,000 share options to primary insider and CFO of the Company,
Johan Fagerli.

Each share option gives the right to purchase one share in the Company. The
share options will vest over a period of two years. 1/3 of the share options
vested today on the award date, 1/3 of the share options will vest on the first
anniversary of the award date and 1/3 of the share options will vest on the
second anniversary of the award date. The share options will be exercisable
during specific exercise periods from their vesting date and until 12 December
2027 and will lapse if not exercised within this date. The exercise price is NOK
0.40 per share based on the last trading price for the Company's shares on 11
December 2024. Shares acquired through exercise of options will be subject to a
lock-up period of 12 months, subject to customary exceptions.

For more information about the grant of share options to the primary insider,
see the attached form.

This information is subject to disclosure requirements pursuant to Article 19 of
Regulation EU 596/2014 (the EU Market Abuse Regulation) and Section 5 -12 of the
Norwegian Securities Trading Act.

For further information, please contact:

Jørgen Mann, CEO Observe Medical

Mobile: +45 408 67 558

E-mail: jorgen.mann@observemedical.com

Johan Fagerli, CFO Observe Medical

Mobile: +47 958 12 765

E-mail: johan.fagerli@observemedical.com

About Observe Medical:

Observe Medical is a Nordic medtech company that develops, markets and sells
innovative medtech products for the global market. The Company is committed to
improving patient welfare and patient outcomes, improving clinical data accuracy
and promoting positive health economics.

The Company seeks to drive growth by leveraging its expertise in sales and
commercialisation of its broad portfolio of medical technology products, mainly
in urine measurement and ultrasound, in combination with targeted M&A and
distribution. Observe Medical is working with a network of leading distributors
to provide outstanding solutions for healthcare professionals globally.

The Company is headquartered in Oslo, Norway.

Further information is available at www.observemedical.com.


