NOT FOR DISTRIBUTION OR RELEASE, DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY, IN OR INTO THE UNITED STATES OR ANY OTHER JURISDICTION IN WHICH THE DISTRIBUTION OR RELEASE WOULD BE UNLAWFUL

With reference to the final result of the Rights Issue in Norwegian Air Shuttle ASA (the "Company") which was announced earlier today, the following primary insiders, including their close associates, have been allocated offer shares at a subscription price of NOK 33.00 in accordance with allocation principles set out in the prospectus dated 21 February 2019:

HBK Holding AS, 84.6% owned by Bjørn Kjos, Chief Executive Officer (through Nye Observatoriet Invest AS), and 9.1% owned by Bjørn Halvor Kise, Chairman of the Board (through Nye Brumm AS), has been allocated 11,995,769 offer shares, based on subscription rights allocated to HBK Holding AS. Following the issuance of the new shares in the Rights Issue, HBK Holding AS will own 23,200,578 shares in the Company, representing 17.0% of the shares.

Sneisungen AS, 49% owned by Bjørn Kjos, Chief Executive Officer, and 51% owned by Bjørn Halvor Kise, Chairman of the Board, has been allocated 1,290,322 offer shares, based on subscription rights allocated to Sneisungen AS. Following the issuance of the new shares in the Rights Issue, Sneisungen AS will own 1,935,483 shares in the Company. 

Bjørn Kjos, Chief Executive Officer, has been allocated 92,000 offer shares, based on subscription rights allocated to him. Following the issuance of the new shares in the Rights Issue, Bjørn Kjos and his close associates will own 25,274,061 shares in the Company, representing 18.5% of the shares.

Christian Fredrik Stray, Board Member, has been allocated 428 offer shares based on subscription rights allocated to him. Following the issuance of the new shares in the Rights Issue, Christian Fredrik Stray will own 642 shares in the Company.

Sondre Gravir, Board Member, has been allocated 5,800 offer shares, based on subscription rights allocated to him. Following the issuance of the new shares in the Rights Issue, Sondre Gravir will own 8,700 shares in the Company.

Eric Holm, Board Member, has been allocated 524 offer shares, based on subscription rights allocated to him and subscription rights bought in the market at an average price of NOK 26.68 per subscription right. Following the issuance of the new shares in the Rights Issue, Eric Holm will own 655 shares in the Company.

Torstein Hiorth Soland, Deputy Board Member, has been allocated 660 offer shares, based on subscription rights allocated to him. Following the issuance of the new shares in the Rights Issue, Torstein Hiorth Soland will own 990 shares in the Company.

Sara Jessica Marianne Häggqvist, Deputy Board Member, has been allocated 1,140 offer shares, based on subscription rights allocated to her. Following the issuance of the new shares in the Rights Issue, Sara Jessica Marianne Häggqvist will own 1,710 shares in the Company.

Asgeir Nyseth, Chief Operating Officer, has been allocated 32,060 offer shares, based on subscription rights allocated to him. Following the issuance of the new shares in the Rights Issue, Asgeir Nyseth will own 48,090 shares in the Company.

Helga Bollmann Leknes, Chief Commercial Officer, and her close associates have been allocated 286 offer shares, of which 284 is based on subscription rights allocated to them and 2 is based on over-subscription. Following the issuance of the new shares in the Rights Issue, Helga Bollmann Leknes and her close associates will own 408 shares in the Company.

Brede Huser, Chief Sales and Marketing Officer, has been allocated 8,232 offer shares, based on subscription rights allocated to him. Following the issuance of the new shares in the Rights Issue, Brede Huser will own 12,348 shares in the Company.

Anne-Sissel Skånvik, Chief Communications Officer, has been allocated 1,000 offer shares, based on subscription rights bought in the market at an average price of NOK 18.40 per subscription right. Following the issuance of the new shares in the Rights Issue, Anne-Sissel Skånvik will own 1,000 shares in the Company.

Stine Klund, Investor Relations Officer, has been allocated 462 offer shares, based on subscription rights allocated to her. Following the issuance of the new shares in the Rights Issue, Stine Klund will own 693 shares in the Company.

Lasse Sandaker-Nielsen, Senior Vice President Communications, has been allocated 1,318 offer shares, based on subscription rights allocated to him. Following the issuance of the new shares in the Rights Issue, Lasse Sandaker-Nielsen will own 1,977 shares in the Company.

Katarina Finneng, Acting Chief Human Resources Officer, has been allocated 1,092 offer shares, based on subscription rights allocated to her. Following the issuance of the new shares in the Rights Issue, Katarina Finneng will own 1,638 shares in the Company.

This information is subject to disclosure requirements pursuant to section 4-2 of the Norwegian Securities Trading Act.

This announcement may not be distributed or sent into the United States or any other jurisdiction in which such distribution would be unlawful or would require registration or other measures. These materials are not an offer for sale of securities in the United States or any other country. The securities referred to herein have not been registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "U.S. Securities Act"), and may not be sold in the United States absent registration or pursuant to an exemption from registration under the U.S. Securities Act. The Company does not intend to register any portion of the offering of the securities in the United States or to conduct a public offering of the securities in the United States.