3 July 2023

BW LPG Holding Limited, a wholly owned subsidiary of BW LPG Limited (the "Company"), has transferred its holding of 9,554,003 shares in the Company to the Company. The transfer is part of an internal reorganisation in connection with the redomiciliation of the Company. Please see the attached notification of trade for further information.

Furthermore, the board of directors of the Company have resolved to cancel 1,938,998 treasury shares in the Company, which takes effect today.

Following the transfer and cancellation of treasury shares, the Company will own 8,571,227 shares in the Company. The Company will have 140,000,000 shares outstanding.


For further information, please contact:

Anders Onarheim
Chief Executive Officer
E-mail: anders.onarheim@bwlpg.com

Iver Baatvik
Interim Chief Financial Officer
Head of Investor Relations and Corporate Development
E-mail: iver.baatvik@bwlpg.com


About BW LPG

BW LPG is the world's leading owner and operator of LPG vessels, owning and operating Very Large Gas Carriers (VLGC) with a total carrying capacity of over 3 million CBM. With five decades of operating experience in LPG shipping, experienced employees and an in-house LPG trading division, BW LPG offers an integrated, flexible, and reliable service to customers. More information about BW LPG can be found at www.bwlpg.com.

BW LPG is associated with BW Group, a leading global maritime company involved in shipping, floating infrastructure, deepwater oil & gas production, and new sustainable technologies. Founded in 1955 by Sir YK Pao, BW controls a fleet of over 490 vessels transporting oil, gas and dry commodities, with its 200 LNG and LPG ships constituting the largest gas fleet in the world. In the renewables space, the group has investments in solar, wind, batteries, biofuels and water treatment.

This information is subject to the disclosure requirements pursuant to article 19 of the EU Market Abuse Regulation and section 5-12 of the Norwegian Securities Trading Act.