Reference is made to the announcements made by Salmon Evolution ASA (the
"Company") on 3 January 2022 and 10 February 2022 regarding the 1,625,000
options exercised under the Company's employee share option program.

Håkon André Berg, CEO of Salmon Evolution ASA, has today transferred his right
to subscribe for shares under the share option program to his wholly owned
company Carried Away AS. As a result, Carried Away AS will subscribe for 450,000
shares at a subscription price of NOK 4.30 per share. Total number shares owned
by Håkon André Berg and his closely associated parties remain unchanged.

Please find attached Primary insider notifications pursuant to the Market Abuse
Regulation article 19.

For further information please contact:

Trond Håkon Schaug-Pettersen
CFO
+47 911 91 327
thsp@salmone.no

About Salmon Evolution:

Salmon Evolution is a Norwegian land-based salmon farming company focused on
extending the ocean's potential by transferring the best preconditions offered
by the sea to farm fish on land through its chosen hybrid flow-through system
technology (HFS). This secures a truly sustainable production process with
controlled and optimal growth conditions and limiting operational and biological
risk.

The Company's first production facility is under construction at Indre Harøy,
strategically located on the Norwegian west coast with unlimited access to fresh
seawater, renewable energy, established infrastructure for salmon farming, and
an educated and experienced work force. The entire project is designed for an
annual capacity of approx. 31,500 tonnes HOG.

The Company has also entered into a joint venture with Dongwon Industries where
the parties will develop, construct and operate a land-based salmon farming
facility in South Korea with an annual production capacity of 16,800 tonnes HOG,
using Salmon Evolution's chosen HFS technology.

Salmon Evolution ASA is listed on Oslo Børs under the ticker SALME.

To learn more, please visit www.salmonevolution.no