Oslo, 5 April 2024: Reference is made to the stock exchange announcement by Ayfie Group AS (Ayfie, OSE: AYFIE), (the "Company") on 14 March 2024 regarding completion of a private placement through issuance of new shares (the "Private Placement"). To arrange for settlement of the Private Placement, the Company entered into a Share Lending Agreement with Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB (publ) (the “Manager”), Ferncliff Listed Dai AS (an entity controlled by Mr. Øystein Stray Spetalen) and Dallas Asset Management AS (an entity controlled by Mr. Jan Chr. Opsahl) (the "Lending Shareholders"). 

Today, following registration of the share capital increase pertaining to the Company's Board of Directors' resolution to issue 2,898,551 new shares of the Private Placement on 14 March 2024, the Lending Manager will redeliver 2,084,588 new shares to Ferncliff Listed Dai AS and 813,963 new shares to Dallas Asset Management AS.

Following the effectuation of the redelivery of the share loans under the Share Lending Agreement and the registration of the share capital increase in connection with the Private Placement, Ferncliff Listed Dai AS holds 2,667,342 shares, representing approximately 14,81% of the votes and shares in the Company, whereas Dallas Asset Management AS holds 1,129,849 shares, representing approximately 6,27% of the votes and shares in the Company.

Mr. Øystein Stray Spetalen and Mr. Jan Chr. Opsahl is primary insiders, and the share lending is therefore a notifiable transaction pursuant to the Market Abuse Regulation article 19. Further details about the transaction are available in the attached form.

This information is subject to a duty of disclosure pursuant to the Company's continuing obligations as a company listed on Euronext Growth Oslo.

For further information, please contact:
Olav Gram Degnes, CFO: tel: +47 906 25 168, email: olav.degnes@ayfie.com

About Ayfie | ayfie.com Ayfie is a leading software provider specializing in data search and generative AI. With over 15 years of experience, we have honed our expertise in transforming unstructured data into valuable insights that benefit both large enterprises, medium-sized businesses, and individuals.