NOT FOR PUBLICATION, DISTRIBUTION OR RELEASE, DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY, IN OR INTO THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA, AUSTRALIA, CANADA, JAPAN, HONG KONG, SOUTH AFRICA OR ANY JURISDICTION WHERE TO DO SO MAY CONSTITUTE A VIOLATION OF THE LOCAL SECURITIES LAWS OR REGULATIONS OF SUCH JURISDICTION

Ultimovacs ASA – Allocations to primary insiders

Oslo, 29 May 2019: Ultimovacs ASA (the “Company”, ticker ULTIMO) refers to the announcement on 29 May 2019 regarding the successful completion of its initial public offering (the "IPO"). 

The following primary insiders of the Company have subscribed for and been allocated shares in the Company ("Shares") as part of the IPO:

CEO Øyvind Kongstun Arnesen, through Vitmed AS, has been allocated 3,200 Shares in the IPO, and will following delivery of such Shares hold an aggregate of 163,200 Shares, corresponding to 0.6% of the total number of Shares and votes in the Company.

CFO Hans Vassgård Eid, through Snøtind AS, has been allocated 3,200 Shares in the IPO, and will following delivery of such Shares hold an aggregate of 53,200 Shares, corresponding to 0.2% of the total number of Shares and votes in the Company.

Finance Manager Joachim Midttun has been allocated 3,200 Shares in the IPO, and will following delivery of such Shares hold an aggregate of 3,200 Shares, corresponding to 0.0% of the total number of Shares and votes in the Company.

Managing Director in Ultimovacs AB Gunilla Ekström has been allocated 1,600 Shares in the IPO, and will following delivery of such Shares hold an aggregate of 1,600 Shares, corresponding to 0.0% of the total number of Shares and votes in the Company.

Gjelsten Holding AS, represented on the board by Henrik Schüssler, has been allocated 800,000 Shares in the IPO, and will following delivery of such Shares hold an aggregate of 5,685,450 Shares, corresponding to 20.4% of the total number of Shares and votes in the Company.

CGS Holding AS, represented on the board by Leiv Askvig, has been allocated 400,000 Shares in the IPO, and will following delivery of such Shares hold an aggregate of 764,375 Shares, corresponding to 2.7% of the total number of Shares and votes in the Company.

Helene Sundt AS, represented on the board by Leiv Askvig, has been allocated 400,000 Shares in the IPO, and will following delivery of such Shares hold an aggregate of 764,375 Shares, corresponding to 2.7% of the total number of Shares and votes in the Company.

Watrium AS, represented on the board by Kristin Louise Abrahamsen Wilhelmsen, has been allocated 800,000 Shares in the IPO, and will following delivery of such Shares hold an aggregate of 1,620,925 Shares, corresponding to 5.8% of the total number of Shares and votes in the Company.

Board member Ketil Fjerdingen, through Langøya Invest AS, has been allocated 320,000 Shares in the IPO, and will following delivery of such Shares hold an aggregate of 1,226,325 Shares, corresponding to 4.4% of the total number of Shares and votes in the Company.

Board member Eva Dugstad has been allocated 6,400 Shares in the IPO, and will following delivery of such Shares hold an aggregate of 6,400 Shares, corresponding to 0.0% of the total number of Shares and votes in the Company.

Board member Henrik Schüssler has been allocated 19,200 Shares in the IPO, and will following delivery of such Shares hold an aggregate of 19,200 Shares, corresponding to 0.1% of the total number of Shares and votes in the Company.

Board member Leiv Askvig, through Basen Kapital AS, has been allocated 32,000 Shares in the IPO, and will following delivery of such Shares hold an aggregate of 79,500 Shares, corresponding to 0.3% of the total number of Shares and votes in the Company.

Board member Kari Grønås has been allocated 5,040 Shares in the IPO, and will following delivery of such Shares hold an aggregate of 5,040 Shares, corresponding to 0.0% of the total number of Shares and votes in the Company.

All Shares are subscribed at the price of NOK 31.25 per share, being the offer price in the IPO.

ABG Sundal Collier and DNB Markets (jointly the “Managers”), are acting as Joint Global Coordinators and Joint Bookrunners in the IPO. Advokatfirmaet Schjødt AS is acting as legal counsel to the Company. Advokatfirmaet Wiersholm AS is acting as legal counsel to the Managers.

IMPORTANT NOTICE
The information contained in this announcement is for background purposes only and does not purport to be complete. No reliance may be placed for any purpose on the information contained in this announcement or its accuracy, fairness or completeness. Neither ABG Sundal Collier ASA nor DNB Markets (a division of DNB Bank ASA) (the "Joint Bookrunners") nor any of their respective affiliates or any of their respective directors, officers, employees, advisors or agents accepts any responsibility or liability whatsoever for, or makes any representation or warranty, express or implied, as to the truth, accuracy or completeness of the information in this announcement (or whether any information has been omitted from the announcement) or any other information relating to the Company, its subsidiaries or associated companies, whether written, oral or in visual or electronic form, and howsoever transmitted or made available, or for any loss howsoever arising from any use of this announcement or its contents or otherwise arising in connection therewith. This announcement has been prepared by and is the sole responsibility of the Company.

Neither this announcement nor the information contained in this announcement is for publication, distribution or release, in whole or in part, directly or indirectly, in or into or from the United States (including its territories and possessions, any State of the United States and the District of Columbia), Australia, Canada, Japan, Hong Kong, South Africa or any other jurisdiction where to do so would constitute a violation of the relevant laws of such jurisdiction. The publication, distribution or release of this announcement may be restricted by law in certain jurisdictions and persons into whose possession any document or other information referred to in this document comes should inform themselves about and observe any such restriction. Any failure to comply with these restrictions may constitute a violation of the securities laws of any such jurisdiction.

This announcement does not contain or constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy or subscribe for any securities referred to in this announcement to any person in any jurisdiction, including the United States, Australia, Canada, Japan, Hong Kong or South Africa or any jurisdiction to whom or in which such offer or solicitation is unlawful.
The securities referred to in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "U.S. Securities Act"), and may not be offered or sold in the United States absent registration or an exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the registration requirements of the U.S. Securities Act and in accordance with applicable U.S. state securities laws. The Company does not intend to register any securities referred to herein in the United States or to conduct a public offering of securities in the United States.

Any offering of the securities referred to in this announcement will be made by means of a prospectus. This announcement is an advertisement and is not a prospectus for the purposes of Directive 2003/71/EC (together with any applicable implementing measures in any Member State, the "Prospectus Directive"). Investors should not subscribe for any securities referred to in this announcement except on the basis of information contained in the aforementioned prospectus. Copies of any such prospectus will, following publication, be available from the Company's registered office and, subject to certain exceptions, on the website of the Company.

In any EEA Member State other than Norway that has implemented the Prospectus Directive, this communication is only addressed to and is only directed at qualified investors in that Member State within the meaning of the Prospectus Directive ("Qualified Investors"), i.e., only to investors who can receive the offer without an approved prospectus in such EEA Member State.

This communication is only being distributed to, and is only directed at, persons in the United Kingdom that are Qualified Investors and that are (i) investment professionals falling within Article 19(5) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion) Order 2005, as amended (the "Order") or (ii) high net worth entities, and other persons to whom this announcement may lawfully be communicated, falling within Article 49(2)(a) to (d) of the Order (all such persons together being referred to as "relevant persons"). This communication must not be acted on or relied on by persons who are not relevant persons. Any investment or investment activity to which this communication relates is only available to relevant persons and will be engaged in only with relevant persons. Persons distributing this communication must satisfy themselves that it is lawful to do so.

The Joint Bookrunners and their affiliates are acting exclusively for the Company and no-one else in connection with the intended IPO. They will not regard any other person as their respective clients in relation to the intended IPO and will not be responsible to anyone other than the Company for providing the protections afforded to their respective clients, nor for providing advice in relation to the intended IPO, the contents of this announcement or any transaction, arrangement or other matter referred to in this announcement.

In connection with the contemplated IPO, the Joint Bookrunners and any of their affiliates, acting as investors for their own accounts, may subscribe for or purchase shares and in that capacity, may retain, purchase, sell, offer to sell or otherwise deal in their own accounts in such shares and other securities of the Company or related investments in connection with the contemplated IPO or otherwise. 

Accordingly, references in any prospectus, if published, to the shares being issued, offered, subscribed, acquired, placed or otherwise dealt in should be read as including any issue or offer to, or subscription, acquisition, placing or dealing by, such Joint Bookrunners and any of their affiliates acting as investors for their own accounts. The Joint Bookrunners do not intend to disclose the extent of any such investment or transactions otherwise than in accordance with any legal or regulatory obligations to do so.

Matters discussed in this announcement may constitute forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements are statements that are not historical facts and may be identified by words such as "believe", "aims", "expect", "anticipate", "intends", "estimate", "will", "may", "continue", "should" and similar expressions. The forward-looking statements in this release are based on various assumptions, many of which are based, in turn, on other assumptions. Although the Company believes that these assumptions were reasonable when made, these assumptions are inherently subject to significant known and unknown risks, uncertainties, contingencies and other important factors which are difficult or impossible to predict and are beyond its control. Such risks, uncertainties, contingencies and other important factors could cause actual events to differ materially from the expectations expressed or implied in this release by such forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date they are made and cannot be relied upon as a guide to future performance. The Company, each of the Joint Bookrunners and their respective affiliates expressly disclaim any obligation or undertaking to update, review or revise any forward-looking statement contained in this announcement, whether as a result of new information, future developments or otherwise.

The IPO may be influenced by a range of circumstances, such as market conditions, and there is no guarantee that the IPO will proceed and that listing will occur.
Certain figures contained in this document, including financial information, have been subject to rounding adjustments. Accordingly, in certain instances, the sum or percentage change of the numbers contained in this document may not be identical to the total figure given.

The information, opinions and forward-looking statements contained in this announcement speak only as at their date, and are subject to change without notice.