PRESS RELEASE 
 
Board, Management and Visigon employees support Huddlestock rights issue through subscription of New shares

NOT FOR DISTRIBUTION OR RELEASE, DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY, TO U.S. NEWS WIRE SERVICES OR FOR DISSEMINATION IN OR INTO THE UNITED STATES, AUSTRALIA, CANADA OR JAPAN, OR ANY OTHER JURISDICTION IN WHICH THE DISTRIBUTION OR RELEASE WOULD BE UNLAWFUL 
  
(Stavanger, NORWAY – 28 May 2021) Primary insiders of Huddlestock Fintech AS, including Board members, the Chief Executive Officer and its Executive Management team, as well as Visigon’s Partners and Executive Management team, will participate in the rights issue through the subscription of new shares.

Reference is made to the announcement on 7 May 2021, where Huddlestock Fintech AS announced a Rights Issue to fund the acquisition of Visigon, support the company’s growth strategy and strengthen working capital. 

Primary insiders of Huddlestock Fintech AS, the Executive Management Team and Board Members, will subscribe to new shares in the proposed Rights Issue.  

Visigon’s Executive Management team and partners, will increase their shareholding in Huddlestock Fintech by subscribing to additional shares through the proposed Rights Issue.

The book closes Friday 28th May 2021 at 16:30 CET. 

“The acquisition of Visigon is a milestone for Huddlestock and we are delighted that Visigon’s management team and partners have decided to increase their future stake in our company by subscribing for additional shares in the rights issue,” says Huddlestock’s Chairman Øyvind Hovland.

“Together with Huddlestock, we will have one of the strongest competitive technology offerings in the market.  We are excited about the future and the opportunity to extend Visigon’s customer offering to Huddlestock’s existing high-quality client base within European banking,” says CEO of Visigon, Gustav Ekeblad.
 
The proposed Rights Issue is intended to raise gross proceeds of NOK 30 - 50 million through a share capital increase to fund the acquisition of Visigon, support the company’s growth strategy and strengthen working capital.  The minimum amount of the rights issue is underwritten.
 
The final allocation of shares will be announced as soon as the information becomes available.

This information is subject of the disclosure requirements pursuant to section 5-12 of the Norwegian Securities Trading Act.

For questions, please contact investor relations. 

CONTACTS:

John E. Skajem, CEO, +47 418 87 412, jes@huddlestock.com 
Cecilia Luras, Director of Strategy & IR, +44 75 0090 5131, col@huddlestock.com 


About Huddlestock Fintech:

Huddlestock Fintech AS was listed on Euronext Growth Market 26 November 2020, as Norway’s first fintech company to be publicly traded. Huddlestock Fintech is a company that develops unique software as a service-solutions for digitizing work processes for custody banks, asset managers and trading venues. 

The open, compliance-optimized and data centric platform allows our customers to offer a differentiated real-time product that reduces cost and increases efficiency. Huddlestock Fintech’s technology enables end-to-end digital services such as onboarding, client communication, reporting, order execution and portfolio management, all executed on the same platform. 

Huddlestock has two main products: Apex (Custody) and Bedrock (Connectivity). Apex is a software as a service-solution that links custody services with asset managers and individual investors. Bedrock provides a white label solution that is primarily a product for financial services firms wanting to add low cost-efficient trading and investing services to their client web and app offerings. 

Huddlestock has offices in Oslo, Stavanger, Kuala Lumpur, Copenhagen, Stockholm, Munich and London.

For more information, please visit www.huddlestock.com. 

  
The information included in this announcement is defined as inside information pursuant to the EU Market Abuse Regulation article 7 and is publicly disclosed in accordance with MAR article 17.  
 
The announcement is made by the contact persons set out above.