August 13, 2025

ZENITH ENERGY LTD.

("Zenith" or the "Company")

Director/ PDMR Shareholding

Zenith Energy Ltd. ("Zenith" or the "Company") (LSE: ZEN; OSE: ZENA), the listed international energy production and development company, is pleased to announce that its Chief Executive Officer & President, Mr. Andrea Cattaneo, has advised the Company that he has purchased a total of 650,000 common shares in the Capital of the Company of no par value ("Common Shares") at a total average price of NOK 0.5086 per Common Share.

Following the purchase, Mr. Cattaneo is directly beneficially interested in a total of 51,001,414 Common Shares in the capital of the Company, representing 10.12 per cent of the total issued and outstanding common share capital of the Company.

Further Information:

Zenith Energy Ltd
 	
Andrea Cattaneo, Chief Executive Officer	Tel: +1 (587) 315 1279
E:  info@zenithenergy.ca
 

Notes to Editors:

Zenith Energy Ltd. is a revenue generating, independent energy company with energy production, exploration and development assets in North Africa, the US and Europe. The Company is listed on the London Stock Exchange Main Market (LSE: ZEN) and the Euronext Growth of the Oslo Stock Exchange (OSE: ZENA).

Zenith's strategic focus is on pursuing development opportunities through the development of proven revenue generating energy production assets, as well as low-risk exploration activities in assets with existing production.
 
For more information, please visit: www.zenithenergy.ca
Twitter: @zenithenergyltd
LinkedIn: https://bit.ly/3A5PRJb



Market Abuse Regulation (MAR) Disclosure

The information included in this announcement is deﬁned as inside information pursuant to MAR article 7 and is publicly disclosed in accordance with MAR article 17 and section 5 -12 of the Norwegian Securities Trading Act. The announcement is made by the contact person.


NOTIFICATION AND PUBLIC DISCLOSURE OF TRANSACTIONS BY PERSONS DISCHARGING MANAGERIAL RESPONSIBILITIES AND PERSONS CLOSELY ASSOCIATED WITH THEM
1	Details of the person discharging managerial responsibilities / person closely associated
a)	Name	Andrea Cattaneo 
2	Reason for the notification
a)	Position/status	Chief Executive Officer & President
b)	Initial notification/Amendment	Initial Notification
3	Details of the issuer, emission allowance market participant, auction platform, auctioneer or auction monitor
a)	Name	Zenith Energy Ltd.
b)	LEI	213800AYTYOYD61S4569  
4	Details of the transaction(s): section to be repeated for (i) each type of instrument; (ii) each type of transaction; (iii) each date; and (iv) each place where transactions have been conducted
a)	Description of the financial instrument, type of instrument	Common Shares
	Identification code	CA98936C8584
b)	Nature of the transaction	Purchase of Common Shares
c)	Price(s) and volumes(s)	Price(s)	Volume(s)
		NOK 0.5086	650,000
d)	Aggregated information	
	Aggregated volume	
	Aggregated price	
e)	Date of the transaction(s)	 August 12, 2025
f)	Place of the transaction	Euronext Growth Oslo 
