Reference is made to the announcement made by Salmon Evolution ASA (the
"Company") on 3 January 2022 regarding, among other things, exercise of share
options by certain primary insiders.

As a result of the options exercised and mainly to finance the strike price
attaching to the options, Håkon André Berg (CEO), Trond Håkon Schaug-Pettersen
(CFO) and Ingjarl Skarvøy (COO) have today sold 450,000 shares in the Company
currently held by them, or their respective wholly-owned companies at a volume
weighted average price of NOK 8.556 per share.

As per the stock exchange announcement on 3 January 2022, the same persons
exercised a total of 925,000 share options, increasing their combined
shareholding by 475,000 shares taking into account the 450,000 shares sold
today.

Please find attached Primary insider notifications pursuant to the Market Abuse
Regulation article 19 regarding sale of shares by the following primary insiders
or their close associates:

  · Håkon André Berg (CEO)
  · Trond Håkon Schaug-Pettersen (CFO)
  · Ingjarl Skarvøy (COO)

For more information, please contact:

Trond Håkon Schaug-Pettersen, CFO (+47 911 91 327)

About Salmon Evolution

Salmon Evolution is a Norwegian land-based salmon farming company focused on
extending the ocean's potential by transferring the best preconditions offered
by the sea to farm fish on land through its hybrid flow-through system
technology (HFS). This secures a truly sustainable production process with
controlled and optimal growth conditions and limiting operational and biological
risk.

The Company's first production facility is under construction at Indre Harøy,
strategically located on the Norwegian west coast with unlimited access to fresh
seawater, renewable energy, established infrastructure for salmon farming, and
an educated and experienced work force. The entire project is designed for an
annual capacity of approx. 31,500 tonnes HOG.

The Company has also entered into a joint venture with Dongwon Industries where
the parties will develop, construct and operate a land-based salmon farming
facility in South Korea with an annual production capacity of 16,800 tonnes HOG,
using Salmon Evolution's HFS technology.

Salmon Evolution ASA is listed on Oslo Børs under the ticker SALME. To learn
more, please visit www.salmonevolution.no.

This information is subject to the disclosure requirements in Regulation EU
596/2014 (MAR) article 19 and section 5-12 of the Norwegian Securities Trading
Act.