Reference is made to the annual general meeting held 4 June 2019 where, inter
alia, the shareholders approved directors' remuneration where certain directors'
after-tax amount of the fixed remuneration shall be used to subscribe or
purchase shares in the Company. If subscribed, the shares are to be subscribed
at a price equal to 85% of the closing trading price at the date of the ordinary
meeting. If the remuneration is to be paid in the form of treasury shares, the
director shall receive a number of extra shares which equals the discount when
subscribing new shares.

In accordance with this, the Company has decided to pay the remuneration in the
form of treasury shares. The closing trading price on 4 June was NOK 14.50.
Accordingly, the Company has transferred the following number of shares to the
following primary insiders:

Andre Christensen, chairman of the board, has received 24,341 shares, each at an
implied purchase price of NOK 12.33. After this transaction, Andre Christensen
has 24,341 shares.

Frode Jacobsen, board member, has received 11,156, shares, each at an implied
purchase price of NOK 12.33. After this transaction, Frode Jacobsen has 21,404
shares.

Maria Borge Andreassen, board member, has received 11,156 shares, each at an
implied purchase price of NOK 12.33. After this transaction, Maria Borge
Andreassen has 11,156 shares.

After the above transaction, the Company has a holding of 2,408,347 treasury
shares.

Petter Lade, CFO

Phone: +47 91143878

E-mail: petterl@otellocorp.com

About Otello:

Otello holds shares in several different businesses, including (i) AdColony
which helps publishers monetize their content through advertising and
advertisers reach the audiences that build value for their businesses,
capitalizing on a global consumer audience reach that exceeds 2 billion; (ii)
Bemobi, a Mobile Media and Entertainment company which integrate people and
mobile content through technology and offers a leading subscription-based
discovery service for mobile apps in Latin America and beyond; (iii) Skyfire
which offers cloud-based network solutions for mobile operators and (iv) Vewd
which offers OTT services in the Connected TV space.