


ASKER, NORWAY (3 March 2017) - On March 2, 2017, Økokrim (The Norwegian National
Authority for Investigation and Prosecution of Economic and Environmental Crime)
issued a corporate fine of NOK 85 million (approximately USD 10 million) against
TGS-NOPEC Geophysical Company ASA (TGS). The fine is based on alleged violations
of the Tax Assessment Act related to a contract for the purchase of seismic data
entered into in 2009 with Skeie Energy AS (later known as E&P Holding AS).
Økokrim dismissed the charges against TGS for market manipulation in violation
of the Securities Trading Act due to insufficient evidence. TGS has previously
disclosed both charges from Økokrim in an announcement on 6 May 2014.

TGS firmly believes that Økokrim's accusations lack merit. The sales of seismic
data and services to Skeie Energy were legitimate transactions between two
independent companies at market prices. TGS will challenge the corporate fine
and believes that a full court hearing will show that the company did nothing
wrong and acted diligently in connection with the transactions.


Company Summary

TGS-NOPEC Geophysical Company (TGS) provides multi-client geoscience data to oil
and gas Exploration and Production companies worldwide.  In addition to
extensive global geophysical and geological data libraries that include multi-
client seismic data, magnetic and gravity data, digital well logs, production
data and directional surveys, TGS also offers advanced processing and imaging
services, interpretation products, and data integration solutions.

For more information visit TGS online at www.tgs.com.



Forward-looking statements and contact information

All statements in this press release other than statements of historical fact
are forward-looking statements, which are subject to a number of risks,
uncertainties and assumptions that are difficult to predict, and are based upon
assumptions as to future events that may not prove accurate. These factors
include TGS' reliance on a cyclical industry and principle customers, TGS'
ability to continue to expand markets for licensing of data, and TGS' ability to
acquire and process data products at costs commensurate with
profitability. Actual results may differ materially from those expected or
projected in the forward-looking statements. TGS undertakes no responsibility or
obligation to update or alter forward-looking statements for any reason.

TGS-NOPEC Geophysical Company ASA is listed on the Oslo Stock Exchange
(OSLO:TGS).

TGS sponsored American Depositary Shares trade on the U.S. over-the-counter
market under the symbol "TGSGY".



For additional information about this press release please contact:

Sven Børre Larsen
Chief Financial Officer
Tel: +47 90 94 36 73
Email: sven.larsen@tgs.com


This information is subject to the disclosure requirements pursuant to section
5-12 of the Norwegian Securities Trading Act.


 
    