(Nedre Vats, 27 April 2023): AutoStore Holdings Ltd (AutoStore, OSE:AUTO)
Reference is made to the stock exchange announcement earlier today regarding
exercise of share options under the equity incentive plan and joint sale of such
option shares.

Primary insiders Bent Skisaker (CFO) and Anette Matre (Chief HR Officer) have
exercised options and transferred their rights to receive the new shares
following the exercise of options to Carnegie AS in order to complete a joint
sale and such sale will accordingly comprise a total of up to approximately 14
million shares. Such sale will take place as an accelerated bookbuilding process
and the results of the sales process will be announced in a separate stock
exchange notice.

In total, 16,485,330 options with a strike price of NOK 3.84351 per share have
been exercised.

Please see attached form of notification and public disclosure regarding option
exercise by primary insiders.

This information is subject to the disclosure requirements under article 19 of
the Regulation EU 596/2014 (the Market Abuse Regulation) and section 5-12 of the
Norwegian Securities Trading Act.

For further information, please contact:

Hiva Flåskjer

VP Investor Relations

Tel: +47 958 66 790

Email: hiva.flaskjer@autostoresystem.com

About AutoStore

AutoStoreT, founded in 1996, is a technology company that develops order
-fulfillment solutions to help businesses achieve efficiency gains within the
storage and retrieval of goods. The company offers both hardware and software
capabilities and the AutoStore technology is interoperable with other third
-party solutions.

AutoStore is global, with ~1,200 Systems in 49 countries. All sales are
distributed, designed, installed, and serviced by a network of qualified system
integrators referred to as "partners".

AutoStore was founded in Nedre Vats, on the west coast of Norway. The company
has offices in Norway, the U.S., UK, Germany, France, Spain, Italy, Austria,
South Korea, Japan, Australia, and Singapore, as well as assembly facilities in
Poland.