Oslo,  Norway, 4 April,  2025 - Reference  is made  to the stock exchange notice
published  by  Zelluna  ASA  (the  "Company")  on  27 March  2025 regarding  key
information on the reverse share split at a ratio of 10:1.

Radforsk  Investeringsstiftelse  ("Radforsk")  has  previously  agreed  with the
Company  to  make  available,  without  any  compensation a, necessary number of
shares  to ensure  that all  fractions of  shares are  rounded up to the nearest
whole share, thus avoiding that shareholders will have its shareholdings rounded
off downwards.

Radforsk  has  today  transferred  a  total  of  1730 shares  to  DNB  Bank ASA,
registrar's department, for deletion, to ensure that all fractions of shares are
rounded up to the nearest whole share in the reverse share split.

The  Company has thus received the  following notification of a transaction made
by a close associate of a primary insider:

  * Radforsk Investeringsstiftelse, a close associate of Anders Tuv, Chair of
    the board of directors and primary insider of the Company, has today
    transferred 1730 existing shares in the Company to DNB Bank ASA, registrar's
    department, at a price of NOK 1 per share (equal to the par value).

The notification concerning the above subscription is attached hereto.

For further information, please contact:

Hans Vassgård Eid, CFO, Zelluna ASA
Email: hans.eid@zelluna.com (mailto:[%20hans.eid@zelluna.com])
Phone: +47 482 48632

About Zelluna ASA
Zelluna's  mission is to deliver transformative  treatments with the capacity to
cure advanced solid cancers, in a safe and cost-efficient manner, to patients on
a  global scale.  The Company  aims to  do this  by combining  the most powerful
elements  of the  immune system  through pioneering  the development of "off the
shelf" T cell receptor (TCR) guided natural killer (NK) cell therapies (TCR-NK).
The  TCR-NK  platform  offers  a  unique  mechanism  of action with broad cancer
detection  capability to overcome the diversity of tumours and will be used "off
the  shelf" to overcome scaling limitations  of current cell therapies. The lead
program  is a  world's first  MAGE-A4 targeting  "off the  shelf" TCR-NK for the
treatment  of various solid cancers; a pipeline of earlier products follows. The
Company  is  led  by  a  management  team  of  biotech  entrepreneurs  with deep
experience  in discovery through  to clinical development  of TCR and cell-based
therapies including marketed products.
