Oslo, 5 May 2020: Reference is made to the announcement made by Targovax ASA
("Targovax" or the "Company") 30 April 2020 regarding the appointment of Victor
Levitsky as the new CSO of the Company.

The Board of Directors has resolved to grant 250,000 share options in the
Company under the Company's long term incentive program, each with a strike
price of NOK 9.14, to Victor Levitsky.

Following the grant Victor Levitsky holds no shares and 250,000 options in the
Company.

The options are granted without consideration. Pursuant to the vesting schedule,
25% of the options will vest 12 months after the day of grant (as long as the
option holder is entitled to be part of the option program). Thereafter, 1/36 of
the remaining options will vest each month as long as the option holder is
entitled to be part of the option program, with the first 1/36 vesting 13 months
after the day of grant. The exercise price is equal to the volume weighted
average trading price of the shares of the Company on Oslo Børs on the date of
the grant. Options that have not been exercised will lapse 7 years after the
date of grant.

For further information, please contact:
Renate Birkeli, Investor Relations
Phone: +47 922 61 624
Email: renate.birkeli@targovax.com
Media and IR enquires:
Andreas Tinglum - Corporate Communications (Norway)
Phone: +47 9300 1773
Email: andreas.tinglum@corpcom.no

About Targovax

Activating the patient's immune system to fight cancer

Targovax (OSE:TRVX) is a clinical stage immuno-oncology company developing
oncolytic viruses to target hard-to-treat solid tumors. Targovax's lead product
candidate, ONCOS-102, is a genetically modified oncolytic adenovirus, which has
been engineered to selectively infect cancer cells and activate the immune
system to fight the cancer.

ONCOS-102 is currently being tested in mesothelioma, melanoma and peritoneal
malignancies and has already shown promising clinical results both as
monotherapy and in combination with chemotherapy, and a checkpoint inhibitor.