Today on 11 June 2021, Otovo’s largest shareholder Axel Johnson AB has bought 907,693 shares in Otovo AS at NOK 12.50 per share.

The sellers of the shares are the French founders of In Sun We Trust, an online solar sales company acquired by Otovo in 2019. The French founders will leave Otovo during the summer, and have been replaced by Jean Rosado, who joined Otovo as General Manager for France on 1 May 2021. 

After the transaction Axel Johnson holds 21,189,135 shares, equivalent to 20.82% of the company through its fully owned subsidiary AxSol AB. AxSol has made several investments in recent years, including in the Sweden based residential installer company Svea Solar, C&I installer Solkompaniet and in solar leasing company Alight. Axel Johnson is represented on Otovo’s board of directors by Johan Bergström, CEO of AxSol.

AxSol AB is a close associate to board member Johan Bergström and this trade is subject to mandatory notification.The notification form required according to MAR will be published separately.


***

This information is subject to disclosure under the Norwegian Securities Act section §5-12.

***

About Otovo: For homeowners, Otovo is the easiest way to get solar panels on the roof. Otovo is a marketplace that organizes hundreds of local, high-quality, and qualified energy installers. The company uses its proprietary technology to analyze the potential of any home and finds the best price and installer for customers based on an automatic bidding process between available installers.

About Axel Johnson: Axel Johnson was founded in 1873 and is now run by the fourth and fifth generations.Axel Johnson builds and develops profitable trade and service businesses in the European market, with a focus on the Nordic countries. The wholly and partly owned companies within Axel Johnson had a total annual turnover of approximately SEK 87 billion in 2020 with approximately 25,000 employees. Axel Johnson is one of the largest trade and service companies in the Nordic region.

Follow us on investor.otovo.com for reports, financial calendar, contact details, and more.