Oslo, Sept 18th 2020 

Dr Per Sontum, founder and employee of the company, has on Sept 18th, 2020 sold 80 645 shares in EXACT Therapeutics AS  at an average price per share of NOK 31 for personal reasons.  Following the transaction, Dr Sontum will control a total of 1 921 605 shares in EXACT Therapeutics AS, corresponding to 6.4% of the total outstanding shares and votes.

The transaction is combined with a change in role for Dr Sontum whereby, after a period of extensive recent sick leave, he temporarily returns to the company to support key projects leveraging his depth of experience and technical expertise until April 30, 2021. The Board of EXACT Therapeutics is grateful to Dr Sontum for his long-standing commitment and leadership that have been instrumental in bringing Acoustic Cluster Therapy (ACT®) to the clinic as well as his ongoing support to Dr Rafiq Hasan, CEO of EXACT Therapeutics, until his resignation next April.

‘I would like to thank Per for his vision and tenacity in driving forward the ACT platform and look forward to benefitting from his in-depth knowledge and expertise in his new role’ said Dr Hasan. Dr Sontum said ‘Together with my co-founders, this has really been a fantastic journey – taking the ACT platform from an initial idea through to clinical development. I am looking forward to working with Rafiq and the team over the coming months to ensure a smooth handover, and I am confident that the company rests in the best of hands for the future success of ACT.’

Carnegie and the Board of EXACT Therapeutics AS agreed to lift the lock up to secure an orderly sale of the shares. The remaining shares are subject to the existing lock-up.

About EXACT EXACT-Tx is a clinical stage Anglo-Norwegian biotech company developing a technology platform for targeted therapeutic enhancement – Acoustic Cluster Therapy (ACT®). ACT® sonoporation is a unique approach to ultrasound-mediated, targeted drug enhancement – with the potential to significantly amplify the clinical utility of a wide range of therapeutic agents across a multitude of indications including within oncology (chemotherapy, immunotherapy), infectious diseases, and neurological conditions. 

www.exact-tx.com

For more information contact: 
Dr Rafiq Hasan, CEO of EXACT-Therapeutics 
Rafiq@exact-tx-com 

Richard Hayhurst/Janet Joy 
Tel +44 7711 821527 
richard@rhapr.eu