Kats, Netherlands – January 24, 2025

Reference is made to the stock exchange notice by The Kingfish Company N.V. ("Kingfish" or the "Company") earlier today, January 24, 2025, regarding the resolution by the Company's supervisory board to increase the Company's share capital by the issuance of 20,026,212 shares (the "Tranche 2 Shares") and 733,645 underwriting shares (the "Underwriting Shares") in relation to the fully underwritten private placement of 31,111,112 new shares in the Company at a fixed subscription price of EUR 0.45 per share (the "Offer Price"), raising gross proceeds of EUR 14 million (the "Private Placement"). 

The following primary insider and close associate of primary insiders have been allocated Tranche 2 Shares in the Private Placement at the Offer Price:  

-	Stolt-Nielsen M.S. Ltd ("Stolt-Nielsen"), a closely association person of supervisory director Jordi Trias Fita, has been allocated 5,108,416 Tranche 2 Shares.

-	Noam Kleinfeld, a supervisory director, has been allocated 185,957 Tranche 2 Shares.

Furthermore, Stolt-Nielsen has been allocated 378,549 Underwriting Shares as settlement of their underwriting fee pursuant to the subscription and underwriting agreement dated December 20, 2024.

Please see the enclosed forms for further details about the transactions. 


For media and investor inquiries, please contact 
press@the-kingfish-company.com 
ir@the-kingfish-company.com


About The Kingfish Company

The Kingfish Company is a pioneer and leader in sustainable land-based aquaculture. Current annual production capacity at its Kingfish Zeeland facility in the Netherlands is 4,000 tons of high quality and high-value yellowtail kingfish. Next expansion opportunities are in the Netherlands and the US. Kingfish Maine is fully permitted by local, state, and federal regulatory agencies to build an 8,500 tons production facility. 

Production is based on advanced recirculating aquaculture systems (RAS), which protect biodiversity and ensure biosecurity. Animal welfare is paramount, and the fish is grown without use of antibiotics and vaccines. Operations run on 100 percent renewable electricity, sourced from wind, solar and biogas. The Company's facilities operate on sea water, avoiding wasting precious fresh water.

The Kingfish Company's main product, the Yellowtail Kingfish (also known as ricciola/hiramasa/greater amberjack) is a highly versatile premium fish species, well known in the Italian and Asian fusion cuisines. Its products are certified and approved as sustainable and environmentally friendly by Aquaculture Stewardship Council (ASC), Best Aquaculture Practices (BAP), GLOBAL G.A.P. and Friend of the Sea.

This information is subject to the disclosure requirements pursuant to Regulation EU 596/2014 (MAR) article 19 number 3 and section 5-12 of the Norwegian Securities Trading Act.

