Reference  is  made  to  Vow  ASA's  ("Vow"  or  the "Company") (OSE: Vow) stock
exchange   announcement   published   on   24 March   2021, regarding  mandatory
notifications  of  trade  made  by  close  associates  of  the Company's primary
insiders  in  connection  with  the  private  placement comprising 5 000 000 new
shares  in the  Company (the  "New Shares")  and the  sale of 3 000 000 existing
shares from certain existing shareholders (the "Private Placement").

SpareBank  1 Markets AS (on behalf of the managers in the Private Placement) has
redelivered  5 000 000 shares in the  Company (the "Borrowed  Shares") to Ingerø
Reiten  Investment Company AS ("IRIC"), a close associate of the chairman of the
Company's board of directors, Narve Reiten, and board member, Bård Brath Ingerø.

IRIC  lent  the  Borrowed  Shares  to  SpareBank1  Markets  AS (on behalf of the
managers  in the Private Placement) in order  for them to facilitate delivery of
listed  shares to  the investors  who were  allocated New  Shares in the Private
Placement.

Please refer to the attached notification of trading for further details.


For further information, please contact:

Vow ASA
Erik Magelssen - CFO
Tel: + 47 928 88 728
Email: erik.magelssen@vowasa.com


About Vow ASA

In Vow and our subsidiaries Scanship and Etia we are passionate about preventing
pollution.  Our world leading solutions convert  biomass and waste into valuable
resources  and  generate  clean  and  CO2  neutral  energy  for  a wide range of
industries.

Cruise ships on every ocean have Vow technology inside which processes waste and
purifies  wastewater. Fish  farmers are  adopting similar  solutions, and public
utilities  and  industries  use  our  solutions  for  sludge  processing,  waste
management and biogas production on land.

Our  ambitions  go  further  than  this.  With  our  advanced  technologies  and
solutions,  we turn waste into biogenetic fuels to help decarbonize industry and
convert  plastic waste into  fuel, clean energy  and high-value pyro carbon. Our
solutions  are scalable,  standardized, patented  and thoroughly documented, and
our  capability to deliver  is well proven.  They are key  to end waste and stop
pollution.


This  information is subject to the  disclosure requirements pursuant to section
5-12 of the Norwegian Securities Trading Act.