NOT FOR DISTRIBUTION OR RELEASE, IN WHOLE OR IN PART, DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY, IN OR INTO THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA (INCLUDING ITS TERRITORIES AND POSSESSIONS, ANY STATE OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA AND THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA) (THE "UNITED STATES"), AUSTRALIA, CANADA OR JAPAN, OR ANY OTHER JURISDICTION IN WHICH THE DISTRIBUTION OR RELEASE WOULD BE UNLAWFUL.

SATS ASA – Allocation of shares to primary insiders

Oslo, 23 October 2019: Reference is made to the announcement by SATS ASA ("SATS" or the "Company", OSE ticker code: "SATS") of 14 October 2019 regarding the application by primary insiders of shares in the Offering (as defined therein).

The following primary insiders, and close associates of primary insiders, of SATS have been allocated shares in the Offering as set out below:

• Sondre Gravir, CEO, has through his wholly owned company Gravir Holding AS been allocated 127,659 shares in the Offering and will, following completion of the Offering, own such number of shares  in the Company, corresponding to approximately 0.075% of the shares in the Company. In addition, Sondre Gravir owns 292,759 shares in SATS Management Invest AS through his wholly owned company Gravir Holding AS. Following completion of the Offering, SATS Management Invest AS will own 9,376,376 shares in the Company, corresponding to approximately 5.5% of the shares in the Company.

• Linda-Li Cederroth, Country Manager (SATS Sweden and SATS Denmark (from 1 November 2019)) has been allocated 55,320 shares in the Offering, and will, following completion of the Offering, own such number of shares directly in the Company, corresponding to approximately 0.033% of the shares in the Company. In addition, Linda-Li Cederroth owns 25,855 shares in SATS Management Invest AS. Following completion of the Offering, SATS Management Invest AS will own 9,376,376 shares in the Company, corresponding to approximately 5.5% of the shares in the Company.

• Tilde Cederroth Wallin, a related party to Linda-Li Cederroth, has been allocated 27,660 shares in the Offering, and will, following completion of the Offering, own such number of shares directly in the Company, corresponding to approximately 0.016% of the shares in the Company.

• John Kristian Stubban, Country Manager (SATS Norway), has been allocated 6,382 shares in the Offering, and will, following completion of the Offering, own such number of shares directly in the Company, corresponding to approximately 0.004% of the shares in the Company. In addition, John Kristian Stubban owns 3,513 shares in SATS Management Invest AS. Following completion of the Offering, SATS Management Invest AS will own 9,376,376 shares in the Company, corresponding to approximately 5.5% of the shares in the Company.

• Anna Maria Raftheim, HR Director, has been allocated 4,313 shares in the Offering, and will, following completion of the Offering, own such number of shares directly in the Company, corresponding to approximately 0.003% of the shares in the Company. In addition, Anna Maria Raftheim owns 7,490 shares in SATS Management Invest AS. Following completion of the Offering, SATS Management Invest AS will own 9,376,376 shares in the Company, corresponding to approximately 5.5% of the shares in the Company.

• SATS Group AS, which is represented on the board of directors of the Company, has been allocated 3,500,000 shares in the Offering, and will, following completion of the Offering, own 105,088,024 shares in the Company (assuming that the over-allotment option granted to the Managers (defined below) is not exercised), corresponding to approximately 61.8% of the shares in the Company. Assuming that the over-allotment option is exercised in full, SATS Group AS will have a retained ownership in the Company of 99,374,869 shares following completion of the Offering, corresponding to 58.5% of the shares in the Company. In addition, SATS Group AS owns 525,985 shares in SATS Management Invest AS. Following completion of the Offering, SATS Management Invest AS will own 9,376,376 shares in the Company, corresponding to approximately 5.5% of the shares in the Company.

The shares allocated to primary insiders are subject to a 365 days lock-up period, as further described in the prospectus dated 10 October 2019, as supplemented by the supplemental prospectus dated 14 October 2019, prepared by the Company in connection with the Offering (jointly, the "Prospectus"). The shares allocated to SATS Group AS are subject to a 180 days lock-up period, as further described in the Prospectus. 

ABG Sundal Collier ASA, Morgan Stanley & Co. International plc and Carnegie AS are acting as Joint Global Coordinators and Joint Bookrunners in connection with the Offering. Swedbank Norge (in cooperation with Kepler Cheuvreux) is acting as Joint Bookrunner in connection with the Offering (collectively, the "Managers").

For further queries, please contact:
Cecilie Elde, Chief Financial Officer
+47 92 41 41 95
cecilie.elde@sats.no

ABOUT SATS
SATS is a Nordic fitness center chain. The company has a broad training offering with great flexibility for its approximately 700,000 members, including modern fitness equipment, individual and group training, personal training, online training, physiotherapy and other health and fitness related products and services. SATS is headquartered in Oslo, and has more than 10,000 employees in Norway, Sweden, Finland and Denmark. For more information about SATS, see www.satsgroup.com.

IMPORTANT INFORMATION
The information contained in this announcement is for background purposes only and does not purport to be full or complete. No reliance may be placed for any purpose on the information contained in this announcement or its accuracy, fairness or completeness.
 
None of the Managers or any of their respective affiliates or any of their respective directors, officers, employees, advisors or agents accepts any responsibility or liability whatsoever for, or makes any representation or warranty, express or implied, as to the truth, accuracy or completeness of the information in this announcement (or whether any information has been omitted from the announcement) or any other information relating to the Company, its subsidiaries or associated companies, whether written, oral or in a visual or electronic form, and howsoever transmitted or made available, or for any loss howsoever arising from any use of this announcement or its contents or otherwise arising in connection therewith. This announcement has been prepared by and is the sole responsibility of the Company.

Neither this announcement nor the information contained herein is for publication, distribution or release, in whole or in part, directly or indirectly, in or into or from the United States (including its territories and possessions, any State of the United States and the District of Columbia), Australia, Canada, Japan or any other jurisdiction where to do so would constitute a violation of the relevant laws of such jurisdiction. The publication, distribution or release of this announcement may be restricted by law in certain jurisdictions and persons into whose possession any document or other information referred to herein comes should inform themselves about and observe any such restriction. Any failure to comply with these restrictions may constitute a violation of the securities laws of any such jurisdiction.

This announcement does not contain or constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation of any offer to buy or subscribe for any securities referred to in this announcement to any person in any jurisdiction, including the United States, Australia, Canada, Japan or any jurisdiction to whom or in which such offer or solicitation is unlawful. The securities referred to in this announcement have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "U.S. Securities Act"), and may not be offered or sold in the United States absent registration or an exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the registration requirements of the U.S. Securities Act and in accordance with applicable U.S. state securities laws. The Company does not intend to register any securities referred to herein in the United States or to conduct a public offering of securities in the United States.

Any offering of the securities referred to in this announcement will be made by means of a prospectus. This announcement is an advertisement and is not a prospectus for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 14 June 2017 on prospectuses to be published when securities are offered to the public or admitted to trading on a regulated market, and repealing Directive 2003/71/EC (as amended) as implemented in any Member State (the "Prospectus Regulation"). Investors should not subscribe for any securities referred to in this announcement except on the basis of information contained in the Prospectus. Copies of the Prospectus are available from the Company's registered office and, subject to certain exceptions, on the website of the Company.

In any EEA Member State other than Norway and Sweden this communication is only addressed to and is only directed at qualified investors in that Member State within the meaning of Article 2(e) of the Prospectus Regulation ("Qualified Investors"), i.e., only to investors who can receive the offer without an approved prospectus in such EEA Member State.

This communication is only being distributed to and is only directed at persons in the United Kingdom that are Qualified Investors and that are (i) investment professionals falling within Article 19(5) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion) Order 2005, as amended (the "Order") or (ii) high net worth entities, and other persons to whom this announcement may lawfully be communicated, falling within Article 49(2)(a) to (d) of the Order (all such persons together being referred to as "relevant persons"). This communication must not be acted on or relied on by persons who are not relevant persons. Any investment or investment activity to which this communication relates is available in the United Kingdom only to relevant persons and will be engaged in only with relevant persons. Persons distributing this communication must satisfy themselves that it is lawful to do so.

The Managers and their affiliates are acting exclusively for the Company, SATS Group AS and Hansemgruppen Holding AS and no-one else in connection with the Offering. They will not regard any other person as their respective clients in relation to the intended Offering and will not be responsible to anyone other than the Company, SATS Group AS and Hansemgruppen Holding AS for providing the protections afforded to their respective clients, nor for providing advice in relation to the intended Offering, the contents of this announcement or any transaction, arrangement or other matter referred to herein.

In connection with the contemplated Offering, the Managers and any of their affiliates, acting as investors for their own accounts, may subscribe for or purchase shares and in that capacity may retain, purchase, sell, offer to sell or otherwise deal for their own accounts in such shares and other securities of the Company or related investments in connection with the contemplated Offering or otherwise. Accordingly, references in any prospectus, if published, to the shares being issued, offered, subscribed, acquired, placed or otherwise dealt in should be read as including any issue or offer to, or subscription, acquisition, placing or dealing by, such Managers and any of their affiliates acting as investors for their own accounts. The Managers do not intend to disclose the extent of any such investment or transactions otherwise than in accordance with any legal or regulatory obligations to do so.

Matters discussed in this announcement may constitute forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements are statements that are not historical facts and may be identified by words such as "believe", "aims", "expect", "anticipate", "intends", "estimate", "will", "may", "continue", "should" and similar expressions. The forward-looking statements in this release are based upon various assumptions, many of which are based, in turn, upon further assumptions. Although the Company believes that these assumptions were reasonable when made, these assumptions are inherently subject to significant known and unknown risks, uncertainties, contingencies and other important factors which are difficult or impossible to predict and are beyond its control. Such risks, uncertainties, contingencies and other important factors could cause actual events to differ materially from the expectations expressed or implied in this release by such forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date they are made and cannot be relied upon as a guide to future performance. The Company, each of the Managers and their respective affiliates expressly disclaims any obligation or undertaking to update, review or revise any forward-looking statement contained in this announcement whether as a result of new information, future developments or otherwise.

The Offering may be influenced by a range of circumstances, such as market conditions, and there is no guarantee that the Offering will proceed and that the listing will occur.

Certain figures contained in this document, including financial information, have been subject to rounding adjustments. Accordingly, in certain instances, the sum or percentage change of the numbers contained in this document may not conform exactly with the total figure given.