Arendal, 13 November 2023: Reference is made to the stock exchange announcement
published by Norse Atlantic ASA (the "Company", ticker: NORSE) on 4 November
2023 (the "Announcement") regarding the successful completion of a private
placement raising gross proceeds of approximately NOK 612 million (equal to
approx. USD 55 million) (the "Private Placement"). All terms used in this notice
shall have the meaning ascribed to such terms in the Announcement.

Reference is further made to the stock exchange announcement published on 4
November 2023 on the Company's ticker regarding the mandatory notification of
trade and disclosure of large shareholding relating to the lending by B T Larsen
& Co Ltd, a company closely associated with the Company's CEO, Bjørn Tore
Larsen, to Pareto Securities AS, acting on behalf of the Managers, of 9,978,161
existing and unencumbered shares in the Company that are already listed on
Euronext Expand Oslo, to facilitate delivery-versus-payment settlement to
investors allocated Offer Shares in Tranche 1 of the Private Placement.

Today, following registration of the share capital increase pertaining to the
Company's board of directors resolution to issue the 9,978,161 new shares in
Tranche 1 on 3 November 2023, Pareto Securities AS, acting on behalf of the
Managers, has redelivered the 9,978,161 new shares to B T Larsen & Co Ltd as
settlement of the borrowed shares described above. The new shares issued by the
Company were used for the redelivery. See the enclosed form for further details
about the transaction.

Upon redelivery of the borrowed shares and following the share capital increase,
B T Larsen & Co Ltd. holds 13,211,089 shares in the Company, representing
approximately 17.27% of the issued share capital and votes in the Company.
Consequently, B T Larsen & Co Ltd. has exceeded the 15% threshold pursuant to
section 4-2 of the Norwegian Securities Trading Act. B T Larsen is controlled by
Zulu Holding Ltd, which in turn is wholly owned by the Company's CEO, Bjørn Tore
Larsen.

Furthermore, upon the registration of the share capital increase resolution to
issue new shares in Tranche 1, Scorpio Holdings Limited holds 13,636,056 shares
in the Company, representing approximately 17.83% of the issued share capital
and votes in the Company. Consequently, Scorpio Holdings Limited has fallen
below the 20% threshold pursuant to section 4-2 of the Norwegian Securities
Trading Act.

For further information, please contact:

Investors: CFO, Anders Jomaas, Anders.Jomaas@flynorse.com

Media: SVP Communications, Philip Allport, philip.allport@flynorse.com

About Norse

Norse Atlantic Airways is an airline that offers affordable fares on long-haul
flights, primarily between Europe and the United States. The company was founded
by CEO and major shareholder Bjørn Tore Larsen in March 2021. Norse has a fleet
of 15 modern, fuel-efficient and more environmentally friendly Boeing 787
Dreamliners that serve destinations including New York, Los Angeles, Orlando,
Boston, Washington, Boston, Jamaica, Barbados, Bangkok, Miami, Oslo, London,
Berlin, Rome and Paris. The company's first flight took off from Oslo to New
York on June 14, 2022.

This information is subject to the disclosure requirements in Regulation EU
596/2014 (MAR) article 19 number 3 and sections 4-2 and 5-12 of the Norwegian
Securities Trading Act.