NOT FOR DISTRIBUTION OR RELEASE, DIRECTLY OR 
INDIRECTLY, TO U.S. NEWS WIRE SERVICES OR FOR 
DISSEMINATION IN OR INTO THE UNITED STATES OF 
AMERICA (INCLUDING ITS TERRITORIES AND POSSESSIONS, 
ANY STATE OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA AND THE 
DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA) THE UNITED STATES), AUSTRALIA, 
CANADA OR JAPAN, OR ANY OTHER JURISDICTION IN WHICH 
THE DISTRIBUTION OR RELEASE WOULD BE UNLAWFUL.

PROTCT - Protector Forsikring ASA sells 3.57 million 
shares in Protector Forsikring ASA

Oslo, 22 May 2015: Reference is made to the stock 
exchange announcement on 21 May 2015 regarding the 
potential sale by Protector Forsikring ASA, 
("Protector", ticker "PROTCT") of approximately 3.57 
million treasury shares in Protector .

Protector has today sold 3,570,661 shares in 
Protector, representing 4.14% of the share capital 
and voting rights in Protector, by way of an 
accelerated bookbuilt offering to institutional and 
other professional investors. The shares were sold 
at a price of NOK 75 per share.
 
Upon completion of the transaction, Protector no 
longer holds any treasury shares. 

Nordea Markets acted as sole bookrunner in the 
transaction. 

For further queries, please contact:

Sverre Bjerkeli, CEO
Tel: +47 928 38 072 

This information is subject to the disclosure 
requirements pursuant to sections 4-2 and 5-12 of 
the Norwegian Securities Trading Act.

Important Notice

These materials are not an offer for sale of 
securities in the United States. The Shares (as 
defined below) have not been, and will not be, 
registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as 
amended (the "Securities Act") and may not be sold 
in the United States absent registration with the 
United States Securities and Exchange Commission or 
an exemption from registration under the Securities 
Act. There will not be a public offering of the 
Shares in the United States. 

This announcement is not an offer of securities or 
investments for sale nor a solicitation of an offer 
to buy securities or investments in any jurisdiction 
where such offer or solicitation would be unlawful. 
No action has been taken that would permit an 
offering of the securities or possession or 
distribution of this announcement in any 
jurisdiction where action for that purpose is 
required. Persons into whose possession this 
announcement comes are required to inform themselves 
about and to observe any such restrictions. Any 
failure to comply with these restrictions may 
constitute a violation of the securities laws of any 
such jurisdiction.

In member states of the European Economic Area 
("EEA") which have implemented the Prospectus 
Directive (each, a "Relevant Member State"), this 
announcement and any offer if made subsequently is 
directed exclusively at persons who are "qualified 
investors" within the meaning of the Prospectus
 Directive ("Qualified Investors"). For these 
purposes, the expression "Prospectus Directive" 
means Directive 2003/71/EC (and amendments thereto, 
including the 2010 PD Amending Directive, to the 
extent implemented in a Relevant Member State), and 
includes any relevant implementing measure in the 
Relevant Member State and the expression "2010 PD 
Amending Directive" means Directive 2010/73/EU.

In the United Kingdom this announcement is directed 
exclusively at Qualified Investors (i) who have 
professional experience in matters relating to 
investments falling within Article 19(5) of the 
Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial 
Promotion) Order 2005, as amended (the "Order") or 
(ii) who fall within Article 49(2)(A) to (D) of the 
Order, and (iii) to whom it may otherwise lawfully 
be communicated. In connection with any offering of 
the shares of Protector Forsikring ASA 
(the "Shares"), the Bookrunner and any of their 
affiliates acting as an investor for their own 
account may take up as a principal position any 
Shares and in that capacity may retain, purchase or 
sell for their own account such Shares. In addition 
the Bookrunner or its affiliates may enter into 
financing arrangements and swaps with investors in 
connection with which the Bookrunners (or their 
affiliates) may from time to time acquire, hold or 
dispose of Shares. The Bookrunner does not intend to 
disclose the extent of any such investment or 
transactions otherwise than in accordance with any 
legal or regulatory obligation to do so.

The Bookrunner is acting on behalf of Protector 
Forsikring ASA and no one else in connection with 
any offering of the Shares and will not be 
responsible to any other person for providing the 
protections afforded to clients of the Bookrunner,or 
for providing advice in relation to any offering of 
the Shares.
